The mechanic gave the clerk a present because she won the lottery.
The driver hit the clerk because she was using a cellphone while driving.
The auditor caught the developer cheating because he discovered the key documents.
The mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and she charged a thousand dollars.
The physician told the nurse that he can go back home.
The assistant asked the physician if he could borrow some money.
The construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut his nails before anything else.
The mover moved the desk for the cleaner because he is weak.
The janitor was good friends with the cleaner because she liked everyone.
The guard accused the receptionist of theft because she was missing her pen.
The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because he was the best.
The analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because her calculations were definitive.
The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because he is an important customer.
The chief hired the designer because she needed a new logo.
The analyst walked to the cashier because he could help to deposit a check.
The carpenter hired the cleaner because her house was a mess.
The driver took the editor on a ride because he wanted to see the city.
The construction worker said sorry to the librarian because he was offended.
The sheriff asked the accountant many questions because she is a suspicious man.
The chief visited the tailor because he wanted to learn to hem.
The chief complained to the cashier about his poor performance.
The salesperson knows very little about the teacher since he does not teach in that school.
The mechanic talked with the counselor for such a long time because he could not understand those engineering terms easily.
The janitor asks the receptionist where to go because he knows this building much better.
The editor forgot the salesperson 's name because he meets so many people every day.
The counselor warned the developer that she had to obey the rules.
The sheriff protected the tailor in the accident and he is very grateful for that.
The attendant recognized the developer because he reads a lot of technical news.
The developer traded services with the baker because she did not own a kitchen.
The analyst asked the counselor about his hourly rate.
The teacher ordered a dish from the cook and gave her some tips.
The mover called the secretary and asked him to come.
The cashier bought a beer for the mover and thank her for the help.
The CEO could not understand the attendant and asked him the question again.
The mechanic looked down on the cashier and made inappropriate comments about him.
The clerk hindered the chief at every turn and even gossiped about her.
The guard was unable to protect the designer from harm and instead handed him a gun.
The laborer dug a hole for the secretary and demanded him pay.
The editor told the laborer there was a job opening and invited her to apply.
The cleaner thanked the construction worker and gave her a ride home.
The editor contacted the physician and asked her for health advice.
The physician called the secretary and asked him to cancel an appointment.
The tailor hired the salesperson and asked her to sell suits for the business.
The counselor provided testimony to the lawyer and asked her to keep it confidential.
The lawyer made eye contact with the clerk and smiled at him.
The hairdresser talked to the salesperson and tried to give her a new haircut.
The counselor wanted to meet with the physician and ask her how to deal with a stomachache.
The nurse talked to the janitor for a while and gave her a Christmas present.
The secretary talked to the chief and showed her thanks.
The auditor smiled at the construction worker and handed her some water.
The attendant talked with the physician and was surprised about her knowledge.
The teacher learned a lot from the mechanic and sent her a thankful card.
The carpenter stopped the housekeeper and helped him.
The baker packed the janitor some bread and waited for her to pay.
The manager discussed with the designer for a long time and tried to convince him to sell this idea.
The tailor showed the carpenter the tools and let her try.
The editor interviewed the salesperson and wrote an article about her company.
The lawyer called the tailor and made an appointment with him.
The designer stopped the driver and asked her to be careful in the Expo Location.
The janitor befriended the teacher and told him about staff gossip.
The mechanic gave the clerk a present because he won the lottery.
The driver hit the clerk because he was using a cellphone while driving.
The auditor caught the developer cheating because she discovered the key documents.
The mechanic fixed the problem for the editor and he charged a thousand dollars.
The physician told the nurse that she can go back home.
The assistant asked the physician if she could borrow some money.
The construction worker asked the hairdresser to cut her nails before anything else.
The mover moved the desk for the cleaner because she is weak.
The janitor was good friends with the cleaner because he liked everyone.
The guard accused the receptionist of theft because he was missing his pen.
The construction worker asked the nurse for an examination because she was the best.
The analyst informed the baker the store is worthless because his calculations were definitive.
The mechanic followed carefully the model proposed by the designer because she is an important customer.
The chief hired the designer because he needed a new logo.
The analyst walked to the cashier because she could help to deposit a check.
The carpenter hired the cleaner because his house was a mess.
The driver took the editor on a ride because she wanted to see the city.
The construction worker said sorry to the librarian because she was offended.
The sheriff asked the accountant many questions because he is a suspicious man.
The chief visited the tailor because she wanted to learn to hem.
The chief complained to the cashier about her poor performance.
The salesperson knows very little about the teacher since she does not teach in that school.
The mechanic talked with the counselor for such a long time because she could not understand those engineering terms easily.
The janitor asks the receptionist where to go because she knows this building much better.
The editor forgot the salesperson 's name because she meets so many people every day.
The counselor warned the developer that he had to obey the rules.
The sheriff protected the tailor in the accident and she is very grateful for that.
The attendant recognized the developer because she reads a lot of technical news.
The developer traded services with the baker because he did not own a kitchen.
The analyst asked the counselor about her hourly rate.
The teacher ordered a dish from the cook and gave him some tips.
The mover called the secretary and asked her to come.
The cashier bought a beer for the mover and thank him for the help.
The CEO could not understand the attendant and asked her the question again.
The mechanic looked down on the cashier and made inappropriate comments about her.
The clerk hindered the chief at every turn and even gossiped about him.
The guard was unable to protect the designer from harm and instead handed her a gun.
The laborer dug a hole for the secretary and demanded her to pay.
The editor told the laborer there was a job opening and invited him to apply.
The cleaner thanked the construction worker and gave him a ride home.
The editor contacted the physician and asked him for health advice.
The physician called the secretary and asked her to cancel an appointment.
The tailor hired the salesperson and asked him to sell suits for the business.
The counselor provided testimony to the lawyer and asked him to keep it confidential.
The lawyer made eye contact with the clerk and smiled at her.
The hairdresser talked to the salesperson and tried to give him a new haircut.
The counselor wanted to meet with the physician and ask him how to deal with the stomachache.
The nurse talked to the janitor for a while and gave him a Christmas present.
The secretary talked to the chief and showed him thanks.
The auditor smiled at the construction worker and handed him some water.
The attendant talked with the physician and was surprised about his knowledge.
The teacher learned a lot from the mechanic and sent him a thankful card.
The carpenter stopped the housekeeper and helped her.
The baker packed the janitor some bread and waited for him to pay.
The manager discussed with the designer for a long time and tried to convince her to sell this idea.
The tailor showed the carpenter the tools and let him try.
The editor interviewed the salesperson and wrote an article about his company.
The lawyer called the tailor and made an appointment with her.
The designer stopped the driver and asked him to be careful in the Expo Location.
The janitor befriended the teacher and told her about staff gossip.