Xinhua Times Commentary: Turn excellent returning migrant workers into new forces for rural revitalization - Xinhuanet
Talent is the key to rural revitalization.
Where to find talent?
Excellent returning migrant workers are an indispensable new force.
Xinhua News Agency by Shang Haichun
Xinhua News Agency, Chengdu, July 26th: Title: Turn excellent returning migrant workers into new forces for rural revitalization
Zhang Xiong, 34, lives in Guoyuan Village, Meishan City, Sichuan Province. In 2010, he quit his job in Beijing where he paid tens of thousands of yuan a month and returned to his hometown to start a business.
After several years of hard work, the annual income of his grape growing family farm now exceeds one million yuan, and he has become a well-known leader in getting rich. He has also been selected into the village "two committees" team.
In recent years, inspired by a series of policies to support and benefit farmers, such as national poverty alleviation and rural revitalization, more and more outstanding migrant workers like Zhang Xiong have chosen to return to their hometowns to start businesses, which has activated a pool of spring water in the countryside.
Sichuan, the most populous province in western China and a major labor exporting province, has taken advantage of the situation to implement the "Excellent Migrant Workers Reintroduction and Training Project". In 2019 alone, more than 8,000 village party branch secretaries were created from the outstanding migrant workers who were brought back, 61,000 village reserve forces were cultivated, and more than 20,000 party members were developed, providing a strong guarantee for winning the battle against poverty and implementing the rural revitalization strategy.
Well-off is not well-off, the key depends on the fellow.
Since the reform and opening up, a large number of young and middle-aged laborers in rural China have gone out to work to increase their income, and some have established their own enterprises through hard work.
However, objectively, it has also led to the emergence of rural "hollowing out" to varying degrees, especially the weakening of rural grass-roots organizations. The village party branch secretaries and party members all show the characteristics of "one old and one low", that is, aging, low education, weak leader team of village party organizations, and the problem of lack of connections is prominent.
If the rural talents and other factors continue to flow to the cities in one direction, and the villages are in a state of "blood loss" and "anemia" for a long time, revitalization will be empty talk.
Attracting those migrant workers who are capable, conscious, and committed to serving their hometowns back, guide them to return to their hometowns to start businesses and become leaders in getting rich, select the best to train them into party members and village cadres, and enrich the ranks of grassroots cadres. This is a fundamental solution to the problem of rural party members and grassroots party organizations.
Excellent migrant workers can be attracted back, and they must be retained and well-done.
In recent years, Sichuan has begun to pay close attention to the party building of migrant workers. On the basis of strict candidate selection criteria, it has established systems and mechanisms for excellent migrant workers, such as directional introduction, service guarantee, training and capacity enhancement, and selection and use, so that they can improve their abilities, have work security, and have hope in life, so that they can truly take root in the countryside and have a sense of achievement in their entrepreneurship.
This year is the final year of the decisive battle against poverty. Talent is the key factor in connecting poverty alleviation with rural revitalization.
Party committees and governments at all levels should attach great importance to the group of excellent returning migrant workers, and through comprehensive measures, build them into a team and a new force that can be retained, fought, and cannot be taken away, so as to provide strong organizational guarantee and talent support for rural poverty alleviation and prosperity and development and revitalization.
Due to the epidemic, this year's college graduates are very special. On the evening of July 11, bilibili's summer graduation song will bring a special online live performance to the graduates. Musicians such as Lao Lang, Pu Shu, Li Yuchun, Mao Buyi and other musicians sent singing and blessings to the fresh graduates.
The well-known up owner SealWu Wu Yifan also brought a song "Wild Grass", which is a rap song adapted from Lu Xun's prose poetry collection of the same name, which is extremely popular among young people.
Due to the epidemic situation, many graduates failed to experience the ceremony of dialing the ear and conferring the degree certificate on the spot, so they transferred the sense of ceremony to the online.
According to the data, the 2.5-hour-long concert had a peak popularity of more than 35 million live broadcasts.
"Follow your heart, seize the opportunity, don't care about the consequences, and sometimes there will be unexpected gains."
Although it was a graduation song, many songs also moved non-graduates.
"I really want to cry after watching the whole scene. Whoever's youth is full of beauty and regret, but they are all worth remembering, and they must go on bravely."
Beijing's natural ecology continues to improve, attracting more than 500 species of wild animals to "settle down" in the city - China News Service
2020-07-26 05:03:17 Source: Beijing Youth Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Editor in charge: Wang Sishuo
The capital's natural ecology continues to improve, attracting wildlife cities to "settlement"
There are more than 500 species of wild animals in Beijing
(Reporter Wang Bin) A reporter from Beijing Youth Daily learned from the Municipal Landscaping Bureau that in recent years, with the continuous improvement of the natural ecological environment of the capital, the types and numbers of wild animals have also continued to increase.
At present, the number of terrestrial vertebrate wild animals inhabiting Beijing has increased to more than 500 species, including first-class protected animals such as brown horse chicken and black stork, as well as national second-class protected animals such as goblins, swans, gray cranes, and mandarin ducks.
Whether it is planted into an urban forest in the second ring road or a small wetland embedded between buildings, it not only brings the wildness of nature to the citizens of the capital, but also attracts wild animals to "settle" in the city.
In midsummer, the Songshan National Nature Reserve, located in the Yanshan Mountains in the northwest of Yanqing District, is full of life.
A raccoon was playing leisurely beside the mountain stream, and two dog badgers were fighting with each other.
Looking back, a wild boar couldn't help but rub against the bark. Hu Qiaoli, director of the management office of Songshan National Nature Reserve, said that by the end of 2019, in this green sea with a total area of more than 6,200 hectares, there were 178 kinds of wild animals, including the national first-class protected animal golden eagle, and the national second-class protected animal spoon chicken and gazelle, and nearly one-third of the city's wild animal species can be seen here.
"In Songshan, wild animals are the real 'masters', and our staff can only be regarded as people's 'bodyguards' at best."
Hu Qiaoli said that in order to understand the situation of wild animals and plants in the reserve on the spot, more than 30 professional patrol team members patrol along 16 carefully formulated protection routes every day, and there will be a "big circle" every month, which takes almost a whole day to travel through the entire reserve.
"During the inspection, not only the biodiversity situation should be checked and recorded, but also the installation of artificial bird nests, the rescue of injured wild animals, the installation of wild infrared cameras and so on."
Songshan National Nature Reserve has installed more than 200 infrared cameras to record the living conditions of wild animals in the forest.
Hu Qiaoli introduced that with the continuous enrichment of biodiversity in the reserve in recent years, more and more wild animals have appeared in the camera, leopard cats, raccoons and pig badgers have become "resident guests", and the "appearance rate" of the national second-level protected animals is also getting higher and higher.
Zhang Zhiming, director of the Wildlife and Wetland Protection Division of the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Landscaping, said that the number of terrestrial vertebrate wild animals in Beijing has increased from 461 species in 1994 to more than 500 species today. The species and number of wild animals in Beijing have continued to increase in recent years.
The sight of wild animals in cities is becoming more and more common, which is closely related to the continuous upgrading of greening of capital cities in recent years.
In particular, the new round of afforestation construction of one million mu started in 2018, proposed to reshape the urban ecological environment, enhance the ecological function of forest land and green space, and highlight the concept of "near nature".
In the planning, we strive to achieve interconnection and interaction with the surrounding green spaces to facilitate the "visiting of relatives and friends" by wild animals. The trees planted are also the nectar and food source plants that animals love.
Black land "plants" agricultural modernization - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Harbin, July 26. Title: Black land "plants" agricultural modernization
In midsummer, two pesticide spraying planes flew over the 10,000-mu high-yield demonstration field of the second operation station of the fifth management area of Friendship Farm, forming two white lines. The characters "First Field in the World" planted with black rice seedlings in the green fields were particularly eye-catching.
Kong Lingqiang, the head of the operation station, said that the aircraft can spray pesticides on more than 6,000 mu of cultivated land a day, and the efficiency is about 8 times that of drones and hundreds of times that of manual labor.
This farm is located in Youyi County, Heilongjiang Province, China's largest grain-producing province. From the sound of rice harvesting in the past to the "rumbling" sound of motors, traditional Chinese farming and farms have transformed on this black soil belt.
In addition to aircraft, satellites are also used in the modern agricultural production of Friendship Farm.
Kong Lingqiang introduced that on the one hand, they use satellite remote sensing technology to achieve precise fertilization, reduce agricultural investment and reduce pollution; on the other hand, satellite navigation technology can improve the standardization of agricultural machinery field operations.
During this year's rice production, the farm expanded the operating area of the satellite-navigated driverless rice transplanting technology to 30,000 mu from 3,000 mu last year.
This technology makes seedlings more evenly planted, maximizes the use of sunlight and cultivated land resources, and saves labor costs of 16 yuan per mu.
The farm has tried new technologies such as informatization and intelligence in agricultural production, and has formed the largest agricultural machinery group in China from the ground to the sky.
According to statistics, there are currently 49,000 sets (pieces) of agricultural machinery in the farm, and the comprehensive mechanization rate in the field has reached 99.8%.
Agricultural machinery operations achieve 100% GPS satellite navigation, 100% precision planting in dry fields, and 100% high-horsepower locomotive operations in dry fields.
"Green agriculture, smart agriculture, and digital agriculture are the directions of agricultural modernization."
Liu Hualian, director of Friendship Farm, said.
The key to agricultural modernization is scientific and technological progress.
In recent years, Heilongjiang Agricultural Reclamation, represented by farms, has played a demonstration and leading role in modern large-scale agriculture "aircraft carrier", and initially established a modern agricultural industry system dominated by large-scale planting, standardized production, and industrialized management.
On the outskirts of Youyi County, there is an Agricultural Machinery Expo Park covering an area of 350,000 square meters.
More than 140 sets (pieces) of agricultural machinery and tools introduced and used by Heilongjiang Nongken over the years are displayed here.
These agricultural machinery and farms have witnessed the development of China's agricultural modernization.
Leaving a small family for everyone - Direct attack on the transfer of the masses from Jiangkouhe Lianwei in Hefei, Anhui - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Hefei, July 26th: Title: Let the small family be for everyone - The transfer of the masses in Jiangkouhe Lianwei, Hefei, Anhui Province
Xinhua News Agency reporters Chen Shangying, Wang Liwu and Liu Xiachun
At 4 o'clock in the afternoon on July 25, Fu Kunbao, wearing rubber shoes full of mud, went from the front room to the back room, and his wife Zhou Yan was busy packing things back and forth.
"I received a call from the village cadres to transfer, and I was still growing grass in the fields."
Fu Kunbao said that he has transferred more than 60 mu of land and planted rice, and now it is growing well. "I was given medicine yesterday, and I still haven't cleaned up the tools and so on."
Fu Kunbao pointed to the pesticide sprayer placed in the corner, "No one wants their home to be flooded, let's leave the small family for everyone."
In order to cope with the continuous high water level pressure and possible heavy rainfall in Chaohu Lake, Hefei City, Anhui Province is preparing to use the Jiangkou River Lianwei flood diversion and water storage on the 26th where Fu Kunbao's family is located.
Jiangkou River Lianwei is located in Feixi County, next to the Chaohu embankment.
Thousands of villagers involved in Yandian Township and Sanhe Township need to be relocated.
As of 16:00 on the 25th, the water level of Chaohu Lake, the fifth largest freshwater lake in China, remained at a high of 13.2 meters, 0.7 meters above the guaranteed water level.
The kitchen of Fu Kunbao's house was clean and tidy, there was a pot of pumpkin head vegetables on the table, and there were eggs and some braised vegetables in the refrigerator.
"I didn't expect to move, the water in Jiangkou River looks good at the moment."
Zhou Yan said that the house is a bungalow, and some large objects have not yet been decided where to put them.
"Put your valuables away first. Large items such as refrigerators and TVs can be temporarily placed in the high-lying neighbors or relatives' homes."
The village cadre Wang Liwen gave Fu Kunbao an idea.
Wang Liwen is in charge of the transfer and resettlement work of 13 villagers, and each household will notify each household to confirm the resettlement plan for each person.
The nearest resettlement site to Fu Kunbao's home is Su Xiao Primary School in Yandian Township, about 2 kilometers away.
In addition to the large items, what made Fu Kunbao and his wife a headache are more than 1,000 kilograms of food and some newly purchased furniture at home.
"The food is ready to be dragged to the relatives' house, and the furniture cannot be moved."
As soon as the couple discussed, they put a stool under the newly bought bed and raised the bed about half a meter.
At 6 o'clock in the afternoon, Fu Kunbao began to use a tricycle to transport things to a relative's house, while Zhou Yan continued to pack up at home.
At 11 o'clock in the evening, the couple looked back and forth at the house, turned on the electric switch, and prepared to go to the resettlement site.
"I hope the water goes back soon."
Fu Kunbao said.
At 9:30 a.m. on July 26, the reporter saw at the site of the Jiangkouhe Lianwei that the local area had made various preparations before flood distribution.
Zhang Jike Lin Xiaozhai teamed up to support muscular teenagers - Xinhua English.news.cn
The sports youth's hot-blooded competitive show "Sports Boys" officially landed on Hunan Satellite TV on July 11.
Sports leader Zhang Jike and sports assistant Lin Xiaozhai crossed the stage on the same stage. Lin Dan and Fu Yuanhui commented on their own styles, and the hard-core appearance of the "giant" force-pull device made the show more "burning".
In the first episode, 11 sports teenagers appeared on the power track, and their appearance shocked the audience. At the same time, the "strong conflict", "strong confrontation" and "strong heart" on the arena also attracted attention.
Among them, "Strong Conflict" came from Super A sports student Qiao Wenyi, who openly provoked Xu Zhibin, who is known as the "Flower Boy" on the same track before the game, yelling that Xu Zhibin's physical condition should go to the singing and dancing program, and even released the harsh words "don't wear makeup when you lose".
The remarks made the teenagers and sports leaders on the field gasp.
The "strong confrontation" is more like a fight between the gods. Sun Jianqi, known as the "Great Demon King", meets Zhang Xindong, who is equally powerful, and staged a strong duel.
Their identities are also unexpected. Sun Jianqi is an actor who loves fitness, and Zhang Xindong is a retired special operations team member and a three-time winner of the Warrior Medal.
At the beginning of the game, the two teenagers tried their best to quickly pull out the small pole, and the long-lasting confrontation on the big pole made the audience sweat for them.
In the tense situation, Zhang Jike, as one of the sports leaders of "Sports Boys", was also watching the game seriously.
In the comment section, he was also very careful, patiently encouraged the teenagers who lost the game, and helped every mistake in the replay process.
The sports assistant Lin Xiaozhai is a fancy assist, and she makes no secret of her appreciation for the youngsters with online beauty and strength.
When I learned about the overloaded daily training of sports teenagers, I was even more impressed.
Lin Dan and Fu Yuanhui, who are also the leaders of the sports team, have their own styles, one is a calm-minded "prophet", and the other is a "prosperous girl" who uses a smile to disperse the tense atmosphere.
In addition, Ji Kejunyi and Liu Ye, as sports assistants, also created a lot of hilarious topics around sports teenagers.
Church fire in Nantes, France: Parish volunteers admit to arson
China News Service, July 26 (Xinhua) According to foreign media reports, on July 18, Nantes, France's religious historical architectural treasure, the famous Saint Peter and Saint Paul Cathedral, was severely damaged in a fire, and the large pipe organ was completely destroyed.
On the 26th local time, the Nantes prosecutor announced that a parish volunteer who was responsible for the security of the cathedral has been charged with "arson destruction".
He has admitted that he set the fire in the church.
The 39-year-old parish volunteer from Rwanda admitted to setting fires in three places in the cathedral during the night, the local prosecutor said.
The man's lawyer said the arsonist now regrets doing it.
This person entered France through the asylum route a few years ago, received shelter in the diocese where the fire occurred, and was taken in in the church.
The prosecution pointed out that he recently tried to renew his visa and is in dialogue with the police department.
But the church said it still couldn't believe that the believer, who was usually very kind and smiling but didn't speak much, would destroy the church he loved so much.
On the day of the fire on July 18, the volunteer had already been questioned by the police because of the illogical problem in the narrative, but he was later released.
Pictured are firefighters at the scene.
On the evening of the 25th, the person was again arraigned due to new evidence obtained by professional engineers from the Paris Central Police Laboratory.
This time, the man admitted to his arson.
According to reports, if convicted of deliberate arson destruction, the suspect could face 10 years in prison and a fine of 150,000 euros.
According to reports, the fire caused serious damage to the Cathedral of St. Pierre and St. Paul. The organ in the church was completely burned and the stained glass window behind the organ was also severely damaged.
Brunet, the chief architect of French historic buildings, believes that conservative estimates suggest that the restoration of Nantes Cathedral will take at least three years.
Comprehensive news: US unilateralism undermines relations between the two countries, international public opinion supports China's countermeasures against the US - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Xinhua News Agency): On the morning of July 24, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs informed the U.S. Embassy in China that China has decided to revoke the establishment and operation license of the U.S. Consulate General in Chengdu, and put forward specific requirements for the consulate general to stop all business and activities.
International public opinion believes that the unilateralist measures taken by the United States have caused serious troubles to China-US relations. China has responded to the unreasonable provocations of the United States and it is justified and necessary to take countermeasures.
Andrés Borques, director of the China Studies Center at the Institute of International Studies at the University of Chile, said that the unilateralist measures of the United States have destroyed the bridge of understanding between the Chinese and American peoples, and have brought the relationship between the two great powers into crisis.
China's notification to the United States to close its consulate in Chengdu is a countermeasure against the unilateral measures of the United States, which is in line with diplomatic practice.
Patricio Giusto, a professor at the Catholic University of Argentina and director of the Argentine-China Research Center, believes that the above-mentioned decision by China is a legitimate and necessary countermeasure against the previous provocations by the United States, and is not aimed at ordinary American people.
The United States is trying to divert the attention of the American people by putting pressure on China to cover up its ineffective response to the new crown epidemic.
Bambang Suryono, chairman of the Asian Innovation Research Center, an Indonesian think tank, said that the provocative diplomatic posture of the United States has caused serious troubles in China-US relations, which are facing severe challenges.
China's notification to the United States to close its Consulate General in Chengdu is a normal countermeasure, which is in line with diplomatic practice.
Tanzanian current affairs commentator Francis Semwenza said China's decision was a legitimate and necessary response to the US provocation.
China-US relations should return to normal, and the US should take the initiative to improve relations with China and stop interfering in China's internal affairs.
The United States should focus on how to achieve a win-win situation with China economically and politically, and how to benefit the two peoples and the entire international community.
Ali Yusuf, executive director of the Sudan-based Federation of Arab-China Friendship Associations, said that China's forced countermeasures are a legitimate and necessary response to the unreasonable actions of the United States, which are in line with international law and basic norms governing international relations, as well as diplomatic practices.
Previously, the US asked to close the Chinese Consulate General in Houston, a serious violation of international law and basic norms governing international relations.
It is hoped that the US side will revoke the previous relevant decision and create the necessary conditions for the relationship between the two countries to return to normal.
Singapore's "Lianhe Zaobao" published an editorial saying that the greater strategic intention of the United States is to contain China and prevent China's continued rise.
In the face of the increasingly pressing US, although China is very reluctant to see Sino-US relations continue to deteriorate, it has to take countermeasures.
(Participating reporters: Yin Nan, Zhang Xiaoran, Ni Ruijie, Liang Hui, Gao Zhu, Li Sibo, Ma Yichong, Wang Lili)
Xinhua News Agency, Guangzhou, July 26 (Reporter Mao Xin) The reporter learned from the Guangdong Coast Guard that recently, the bureau, together with the Guangzhou Customs and Public Security Department, destroyed a large smuggling gang of refined oil products. It has been preliminarily verified that the gang has smuggled a total of about 120,000 tons of refined oil since 2019, with a case value of about 800 million yuan, and about 240 million yuan in tax evasion.
The Guangdong Coast Guard and the Customs Anti-smuggling Department have gradually found out the division of labor and organizational structure of the gang.
On July 8, the coast guard, customs, and public security departments carried out unified network collection operations in Guangzhou, Foshan and other places as well as the Pearl River Estuary. Four suspected smuggling ships were seized on the spot, and 4,700 tons of refined oil were seized from the involved ships and oil depots, and a number of fund accounts were frozen.
It is understood that a total of 8 ships and 2 helicopters were dispatched in this joint operation, which were divided into multiple action groups to cooperate in combat, and carried out a full-chain attack on sea smuggling and illegal business operations on land. All 35 main criminal suspects were brought to the case.
The case is currently under further investigation.
The relevant person in charge of the Guangdong Coast Guard said that in the future, it will continue to maintain a high-pressure situation, crack down on various illegal and criminal activities of smuggling at sea, and maintain a good order in the sea area under its jurisdiction.
Hurricane "Hannah" makes landfall in Texas or triggers floods and flash floods - Xinhua English.news.cn
China News Service, July 26 (Xinhua) According to comprehensive foreign media reports, at 5 pm local time on the 25th, Hurricane "Hannah" made landfall in Texas, USA, which will bring strong storms, swollen rivers and life-threatening flash floods to Texas.
The National Hurricane Center said Hurricane Hannah is expected to bring heavy rains across southern and northeastern Texas that could cause some creeks to swell and life-threatening flash floods.
Hurricane Hannah was most affected south of Corpus Christi to the Rio Grande estuary, with widespread flash flooding likely in the Rio Grande Valley, the report said.
Texas Governor Abbott said on the 25th that "any hurricane is a huge challenge."
Thirty-two counties in the state entered a state of disaster emergency because of the hurricane.
Corpus Christi, a city with a population of more than 320,000, has closed libraries and museums, and residents are on guard.
Abbott also said that at a time when the state is being hit hard by the new crown epidemic, the hurricane cannot be allowed to cause more casualties in Texas.
According to reports, precipitation in southern Texas is expected to reach 6 to 12 inches overnight on the 26th, and northern Texas and coastal Louisiana will also see 3 to 5 inches of rain.
Due to factors such as global warming, "Hannah" formed earlier than previous Atlantic hurricane seasons.
In general, the first hurricanes in the Atlantic usually don't form until mid-August.
Poland to withdraw from European treaty to prevent violence against women
Poland will take steps next week to withdraw from the European Treaty on the Prevention of Violence against Women, Poland's Justice Ministry said Saturday.
Poland's right-wing government cabinet said the treaty, which requires schools to teach students about gender issues, tramples on the rights of students' parents.
Poland's Justice Minister Giublo said at a news conference that his ministry of justice would make a request to the Ministry of Labour and Family on Monday to start withdrawing from the treaty.
That treaty is also known as the Istanbul Convention.
"The treaty contains some elements of ideomorphic properties that we think are harmful," said Giublo.
Poland's ruling Law and Justice Party and its coalition partners have close alliances with the Roman Catholic Church and advocate a conservative social agenda.
Polish President Andrzej Duda has made hostility to gay rights one of the main issues during his successful re-election campaign this month.
Thousands of Poles, most of them women, protested Friday in Warsaw and a number of other cities against withdrawing from the convention.
"The purpose of withdrawing from the treaty is to legalize domestic violence," said Lempart, one of the organizers of the protest, during a protest march in Warsaw.
Some protesters held banners that read "Law and Justice is a hell for women".
Law and Justice has long complained about the Istanbul Convention.
Poland's previous centrist government ratified the convention in 2015.
The Law and Justice government said the treaty did not respect religion and required that liberal social policies be taught in schools.
But so far the party has not decided to withdraw from the convention.
(according to Reuters)
Brazilian president's coronavirus test results turn negative - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Brasilia, July 25 (Reporter Zhou Xingzhu) Brazilian President Bolsonaro announced on his personal social media account on the 25th that his latest test for the new crown virus was negative.
In addition to announcing the latest test results, Bolsonaro also posted a photo of himself holding a hydroxychloroquine box on social media.
Bolsonaro has always insisted that the drug is effective in treating the new coronavirus infection, and has repeatedly shown himself taking the drug through social media live broadcasts.
According to Brazilian media reports, Bolsonaro drove a motorcycle to many places in the capital Brasilia after announcing the results of the virus test on the same day, and also met with a congressman.
Bolsonaro has been working in isolation at the presidential residence.
Bolsonaro announced in a joint live broadcast of several local media on the 7th that he himself tested positive for the new crown virus on the 6th, and conducted two more tests on the 14th and 21st, both of which were positive.
Jiangxi opens up "green channel" for frontline youths to fight floods - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Nanchang, July 26 (Guo Dongming, Xiong Liang) The Jiangxi Provincial People's Government Recruitment Office recently clarified that priority will be given to individuals or their children who have performed outstandingly in this flood relief and disaster relief task, and who meet the requirements for recruitment and pass both the physical examination and the political assessment.
"After the young recruits are registered, we will cooperate with the community where the young recruits are located, the Armed Forces Department of the street and the Recruitment Office of Xunyang District to verify and prioritize the recruitment."
Wang Hui, deputy director of the People's Armed Forces Department of Xunyang District, Jiujiang City, said that affected by the flood, they began on the 25th to organize a three-day physical examination for the young people.
Zhou Jingfan, a 22-year-old college graduate from Xunyang District, Jiujiang City, is a 22-year-old college graduate. His mother is a community worker and his father is a veteran of a certain air force. For more than ten days, Zhou Jingfan's parents have been on duty on the front line of flood control.
"These days, I have seen in the news that the people's children are fighting to defend their hometown without regard to their own lives on the front line of fighting against the flood. I also want to be like them."
Zhou Jingfan said that he had a dream of joining the army since he was a child, and this flood fight strengthened his determination to join the army.
Jiujiang City also uses flood fighting and emergency rescue as a "living teaching material" for recruiting publicity. They take the community as a unit and call on young recruits to voluntarily participate in tasks such as patrolling dikes and being on duty. On the spot, they understand the nature and purpose of the people's army and strengthen their confidence in joining the army to serve the country.
Luo Jiuyu, political commissar of the People's Armed Forces Department of Xunyang District, Jiujiang City, said that by prioritizing the deployment of troops, he hopes to motivate more young recruits and create a good social atmosphere in which it is honorable to participate in missions and join the army.
According to the Vietnam News Agency, Grivori believes that Vietnam has made great contributions to the development of ASEAN over the past 25 years.
Vietnam is not only a responsible member of ASEAN, but also the locomotive of ASEAN.
Grivory said that Russia and even the Eurasian Economic Union believe that Vietnam contributes to ASEAN's enhancement of its status and promotion of its image abroad.
"Asean should thank Vietnam for this," he stressed.
Grivory said analysts have given recognition to Vietnam's peace initiative.
Vietnam is willing to share its experience with ASEAN countries and propose constructive and peaceful measures to address issues facing the Asia-Pacific region, including the East China Sea issue.
Regarding the cooperation between Vietnam and Russia under the ASEAN framework, Grivory believes that Vietnam provides support for the cooperative relationship between Russia and ASEAN and helps Russia gain benefits under this cooperation framework.
The Asia-Europe Economic Union, including Russia, will be able to enter the ASEAN market after signing a free trade agreement with Vietnam.
Grivory suggested to maximize the free trade area between the Asia-Europe Economic Union and ASEAN countries to create a platform for economic, security and stability.
Grivory also believes that Russia, Vietnam and ASEAN are on track and will achieve their goals.
Between now and the end of 2020, Bac Giang province will have the necessary conditions, especially in terms of infrastructure, human resources and land, to actively welcome the inflow of foreign capital, especially multinational groups with value chains and transfer of advanced technologies.
In addition, Bac Giang Province will handle the submission of the Prime Minister's decision to invest in the infrastructure construction and operation projects of the Vietnam-Korea Industrial Zone and approve the addition of the province's two industrial-city-service zones, Ansan-Bailong and Anlu, to the overall plan for the development of Vietnam's industrial zone by 2020.
At the same time, Bac Giang province has made great efforts to speed up the progress of projects, especially the infrastructure construction and operation projects in industrial park clusters such as Hobo, Gwangju, Sungai-Neihuang, etc., to form a land fund for attracting investment.
In 2020, the Bureau of Industry and Trade of Bac Giang Province will participate in the planning of industrial parks and industrial clusters to provide advice and suggestions for inclusion in provincial planning.
Bac Giang Province has determined to combine the development of industrial park clusters with safeguarding national defense security, protecting the ecological environment, and ensuring food security, thereby promoting balanced industrial development; it has comprehensive infrastructure such as electricity, water supply, transportation and telecommunications, and combines it with urban construction, trade services, workers' housing and other social infrastructures such as medical care and education.
In the industrial zone, Bac Giang province has called for high-tech, clean technology investment projects in the fields of electricity, electronics, telecommunications equipment, precision machinery, and auxiliary industries.
In the cluster of industrial parks, the province called for small and medium-sized investment projects in the fields of production, utilization of local labor, especially agricultural products and food processing.
In the future, Bac Giang Province will focus on accelerating the investment in the infrastructure of Bac Giang's logistics and logistics center, and develop simultaneously with the industrial park cluster to optimize the circulation of goods and currency and help reduce production costs, increase the value of goods, optimize the supply chain, and develop multimodal transport, thereby creating attractiveness for investors to invest in the province.
The upgraded version of the Russian gunship card-52M was the first to leave the factory at the end of the year - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Moscow, July 25 (Xinhua) According to the plan of the Russian Ministry of Defense, the upgraded version of the Russian armed helicopter (hereinafter referred to as Wuzhi) Ka-52, the Ka-52M, will be refitted and shipped for the first time in December this year. This model will be greatly improved in terms of reconnaissance, communication and weapon performance.
According to the Russian "Izvestia" reported a few days ago, the Wuzhika-52M is named "Super Alligator", and its development contract was signed by the Russian military and military units in April last year.
According to Russian experts who are familiar with the above-mentioned upgrade work, the "predecessor" of the "Super Alligator" - Wuzhika-52 was officially installed in November 2011. This model has exposed some weaknesses in use. This modification and upgrade is just to "make up for shortcomings".
The report said that compared with the Ka-52, the Ka-52M will partly adopt new protective materials that will not increase the weight. Its pilot cockpit will be reinforced and equipped with new equipment to resist missile attacks, thereby increasing the probability of battlefield survival; it will be equipped with a more powerful generator to supply power for more complex airborne electronic equipment; the optoelectronic system will be upgraded to be able to detect and identify battlefield targets farther away; it is equipped with main attack armored vehicles and reinforced concrete defenses.
In addition, the Ka-52M will have more advanced electronic guidance systems, weapons targeting systems and navigation equipment.
Russian experts also said that it is worth noting that the Ka-52M will be equipped with communication equipment to communicate with the drone, so as to obtain real-time information transmitted by the nearby drone in the air, such as displaying the images taken by the drone on the cockpit screen of the helicopter.
According to the plan, the pilot of the Ka-52M can directly control the unmanned aerial vehicle it cooperates with, thereby improving the pilot's grasp of the battlefield situation and the guidance of long-range missiles.
According to Russian media reports, Russian Deputy Defense Minister Krivoruchko said in December last year that the Russian Defense Ministry plans to purchase more than 110 VDC-52Ms by 2027.
The new decree stipulates that from now on, the Campania region must wear masks in indoor public places, and offenders can be fined up to 1,000 euros.
On June 1, local time, the Italian capital Rome, the Colosseum reopened.
According to reports, according to the latest anti-epidemic decrees issued by the regional government, the people of Campania must wear masks in accordance with the epidemic prevention requirements when taking all public transportation, and entering and leaving indoor public places such as shops, bars, supermarkets and exhibition halls.
Violators can be fined up to 1,000 euros.
The decree also stipulates that all travelers from non-Schengen countries entering the Campania region must be quarantined.
The regional government will authorize the health agency to coordinate the arrangement of specific hotels to isolate positive asymptomatic persons.
The decree came into effect on July 25.
In less than an hour, three customers who entered the supermarket have received fines.
1.75 billion cubic meters of ecological water replenishment for rivers and lakes in Hebei this year-Chinanews
Xinhua News Agency, Shijiazhuang, July 26 (Reporter Wang Kun) The reporter learned from the Hebei Provincial Department of Water Resources that since the beginning of this year, Hebei Province has coordinated the use of water from the diversion rivers and local reservoirs, and successively implemented ecological water replenishment to 28 rivers such as Hutuo River, Tang River, Juma River and Baiyangdian, and completed a total of 1.75 billion cubic meters of ecological water supply for rivers and lakes.
Hebei Province seized the favorable opportunity of increasing the flow of water in the middle route of the South-to-North Water Diversion Project, and implemented ecological water replenishment to Tang River, Sha River, Tonglong River and other rivers by diverting water from the river.
At the same time, 9 large and medium-sized reservoirs such as Xidayang and Dongwushi and Baiyangdian were used to implement ecological water replenishment to rivers such as Fuyang River and Qinglong River, and the accumulated water surface area was over 90 square kilometers.
In order to do a good job in ecological water replenishment, the Water Resources Department of Hebei Province actively organizes the investigation of hidden dangers of water replenishment rivers, remediation and reinforcement, and river cleaning, refines practical measures, and strengthens inspections and management.
Through supervision and inspection and centralized unannounced visits, various problems were solved in a timely manner to ensure the safe and orderly water replenishment of the river.
According to the relevant person in charge of the Hebei Provincial Department of Water Resources, the orderly implementation of ecological water replenishment of rivers and lakes has effectively restored the ecological environment of rivers and lakes in Hebei Province, promoted the replenishment and conservation of groundwater along the coast, and greatly improved the living environment and economic development environment along the line.
(Deutsche Welle Chinese Network) In the past two weeks, the number of confirmed cases of the new crown in Spain has rebounded sharply, and there have been thousands of new cases in several days.
On Saturday (July 25), the British government temporarily decided to remove Spain from the safe travel list from 0:00 local time on the 26th, and those entering the UK from Spain must be quarantined for 14 days.
British tourists on holiday in Spain were surprised, worried and even angry when they heard about the decision, as the news came so unexpectedly that it caught them off guard.
British Transport Secretary Grant Shapps is also reportedly on holiday in Spain.
Norway has also announced a 10-day quarantine for people returning to Norway from Spain, ahead of the UK's quarantine measures.
France and Belgium are advising their residents to abandon their plans for a holiday in Barcelona and surrounding areas ahead.
Beaches in these areas are overcrowded and social distancing cannot be maintained, and police at one point needed to take steps to reduce the number of beachgoers.
Tourism is an important pillar industry in Spain
Spain: it's safe here
In response to the British decision, Spain's foreign ministry said on Sunday that the outbreak was under control in the country.
Spanish Foreign Minister Arancha Gonzalez Laya stressed to the media: "Spain is safe, not only for Spaniards, but also for tourists."
The Spanish government will try to persuade the British government to exclude the Balearic and Canary Islands from quarantine measures.
The reason is that the infection rate in the two tourist destinations is much lower than in the UK.
In order to prevent the spread of the epidemic, Spain's Catalonia region has also resumed a "foot ban".
Tourism is an important pillar industry in Spain, and Spain is one of the most popular holiday destinations for British tourists.
The UK's decision is expected to have a major impact on Spain's tourism industry.
Quiet/Ren Chen (DPA, Reuters)
The first day of Zhongfu: Beijing takes a break from the high temperature and heat, and starts the rain mode - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Ni Yuanjin) July 26 is the first day of "Zhongfu" this year.
The strong winds, showers and convective weather in the early morning of the 26th dispelled the high temperature and heat that have enveloped Beijing in the past few days, and a new round of rain will continue for several days.
The Beijing Meteorological Observatory released at 11 o'clock on the 26th that there were scattered showers (with weak thunder and lightning) in Beijing on the 26th, and the daily maximum temperature was only 27 °C; the night was overcast with light to moderate rain (with weak lightning), and the minimum night temperature was 23 °C.
From the 24th to the 25th, the whole city of Beijing was in a high temperature blue warning. The daily maximum temperature in most areas was around 37°C, and local temperatures exceeded 40°C.
Futian is the hottest, humid and sultry day of the year. There are "three volts" in a year, and the hottest is in the middle. It is at this time that the Chinese people call "bitter summer".
When entering Fu, every family fills the barn, and there is a folk saying that "one Fu dumplings and two Fu noodles".
According to the current forecast, it will be rainy in Beijing in the next three days.
The meteorological department reminded the public to minimize travel in mountainous areas and beware of geological disasters.
It is understood that this year's "Zhongfu" has 20 days, starting from July 26 and ending on August 14.
After entering "Zhongfu", people will feel fatigue and loss of appetite.
In the diet, you can choose foods such as mung beans and coix seeds that have the effect of clearing heat and relieving heat, strengthening the spleen and appetizing, and bitter foods such as bitter vegetables and bitter gourd, which can help increase appetite and eliminate summer heat.
Engine may stall, FAA urgently orders 2,000 Boeing passenger planes to be investigated - Xinhua English.news.cn
The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) issued an emergency airworthiness directive on the 24th, requiring emergency inspections of about 2,000 Boeing 737NG and 737Classic passenger aircraft registered in the United States, because the air check valve of the above passenger aircraft may be corroded and may cause the engine to stop in the air.
The FAA said that it has received four reports of 737NG and 737Classic passenger aircraft engines parked in the air so far, so it has made an urgent inspection request. The inspection targets are passenger aircraft that have been parked for seven consecutive days or more and passenger aircraft that have flew less than 11 times after being re-commissioned.
The FAA warned that a corroded fifth-stage check valve on both engines on the plane could become stuck in the open position, causing the plane to lose power completely and not be able to restart the engines.
The aviation regulator has ordered that once a check valve is found to be corroded, airline operators must replace this critical component before the plane is put into service again.
Boeing responded later in the day that the outbreak of the new crown epidemic has led to reduced travel demand, many passenger aircraft have been sealed or used less, and "check valves are more susceptible to corrosion."
Boeing also said that it has advised airline operators to inspect the planes covered by the directive, and if problems are found, Boeing will provide assistance in overhauling and replacing check valves.
The Associated Press reported that the major U.S. airline operators usually fly multiple times a day, but a large number of aircraft have been grounded in the wake of the new crown outbreak, and some have returned to service as demand for passenger travel has slowly increased recently.
The FAA did not release details of the four aerial parking reports.
Alaska Airlines disclosed one of the incidents later on the 24th.
The airline operator said in a statement that on July 15, one of its passenger planes was en route from Seattle, Washington, to Austin, Texas, when an engine suddenly stalled and the plane made an emergency landing at Austin Airport.
Alaska Airlines said it had replaced the jet's engine and had inspected the engines of six jetliners in accordance with FAA directives.
American Airlines, United Airlines and Southwest Airlines each said on the 24th that there were no engine stalls associated with air check valves on their airliners.
Four American Airlines jets will be inspected and 28 United Airlines jets will be inspected.
Delta Air Lines said it would inspect 20 of its jets, but did not say whether there had been any engine stalls.
Multiple media reported that the FAA emergency airworthiness directive was another blow to Boeing.
Indonesia's Lion Air and Ethiopian Airlines each crashed a Boeing 737 MAX in October 2018 and March 2019, killing a combined 346 people.
The series of airliners was subsequently grounded worldwide, with production halted in January and resumed in May.
FAA Administrator Steve Dickson admitted in June that the FAA "made mistakes" in its oversight of Boeing on the 737 MAX jet.
"Dingdong is online! Hello teacher" will be launched next week, and Xue Zhaofeng will lead the "knowledge initiator" - Xinhuanet
There's a new show online.
The interactive knowledge sharing program "Dingdong Online! Hello Teacher" will be broadcast on Hunan Satellite TV from July 20.
It is understood that the program will create a new all-age youth classroom, and a group of talented and talented teachers will participate in the battle to challenge the output of interesting knowledge.
Different from the serious impression of teachers in the public mind in the past, "Dingdong Online! Hello Teacher" is a group of knowledge representatives with both beauty and talent.
They are not only young intellectual role models from various disciplines, but also a group of all-round "players" who can shake their burdens and are good at entertaining.
In the program, these outstanding young knowledge role models, as "knowledge sharing officers", will challenge the interesting knowledge classroom.
They need to impress the audience present by showing the most interesting side of their discipline through the knowledge output with attitude.
The "Youdao Question Group" composed of audiences of all ages will ask various questions on the spot, which will make the teaching of the "knowledge sharing officer" more difficult, and also add a little stimulating atmosphere to the program.
According to reports, the "Knowledge Sharing Officer" includes outstanding young teachers such as Li Yongle, a physics teacher at the Middle School Affiliated to Renmin University of China, Zhang Xuefeng, a famous postgraduate instructor, and Wang Lei, a history teacher with ten years of experience. They will show the audience the "hard core" knowledge of each subject in an unexpected way.
In addition, the program also invited economics professor Xue Zhaofeng as the "knowledge initiator" of the program, together with "Dingdong Assistants" Du Haitao and Jin Mengjia, to talk about youth with the audience and create a "National Youth Open Class".
Chief Secretary for Administration of the Hong Kong SAR Government: The situation is grim, fight against the epidemic with all-out efforts - Chinanews.com
Xinhua News Agency, Hong Kong, July 26 (Xinhua News Agency, Hong Kong, July 26) Zhang Jianzong, Chief Secretary for Administration of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government, said on the 26th that the situation of the new crown pneumonia epidemic in Hong Kong continues to be severe. If the epidemic situation deteriorates, the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region government will decisively adopt stricter control measures to further restrict business premises and reduce the space for citizens to go out.
However, at this stage, the SAR government has no intention of introducing a "stay at home order" or a "foot ban order" to restrict citizens from going out.
Zhang Jianzong published a blog entitled "The Situation is Serious, Fight Against the Epidemic" on the same day.
He said that this wave of epidemics is the most severe in half a year, and the next two weeks will be very critical to prevent the virus from spreading further in the community.
In addition to the necessary measures taken by the SAR Government, self-discipline and cooperation of the public is also very important.
He urged the public to stay at home as much as possible, reduce social contact and eat out.
Members of the public should cooperate with the mandatory measures of wearing masks to protect themselves and others, pay attention to personal and environmental hygiene, and wash hands frequently. They should also suspend non-essential gatherings or dining with relatives and friends and reduce going to the market.
He said that the central government has always been very concerned about the changes in the epidemic situation in Hong Kong and supported the SAR government's anti-epidemic work, and actively responded to the Chief Executive's latest request, providing assistance in increasing the testing capacity and refitting the AsiaWorld-Expo into a similar "square cabin hospital".
Zhang Jianzong said that the free virus tests provided by the SAR government for specific high-risk groups, namely, employees of residential care homes for the elderly, residential care homes for the disabled and nursing homes, restaurant employees, taxi drivers and property management employees have been fully implemented, involving as many as 400,000 people.
He is very concerned about the infection cases in residential care homes for the elderly. The SAR Government has arranged specific temporary quarantine centres for residents in residential care homes for the elderly.
He said that the SAR government is building an isolation and quarantine facility near the Penny Bay Quarantine Centre on Lantau Island in the New Territories, which is expected to provide an additional 700 isolation rooms by the end of September.
The Chief Executive also announced on the 19th that the SAR Government will build an additional 2,000 isolation rooms at the Penny Bay Quarantine Center, and strive to complete them by the end of this year.
In addition to the 800 rooms that have been put into use, the Penny Bay Quarantine Center is expected to provide a total of 3,500 isolation rooms by the end of the year.
There are currently four operating quarantine centers in Hong Kong, providing a total of about 2,600 isolation rooms.
In addition, the SAR government reopened the Lei Yue Mun Park Resort on Hong Kong Island on the 24th as a community isolation facility for the treatment of patients under the age of 50 who can take care of themselves independently.
The "nutritional agent" that often supplements the history of the party and the history of the new China - China News Service
2020-07-26 17:37:29 Source: People's Forum Author: Zhu Yanjing Responsible Editor: Zhu Yanjing
Recently, General Secretary Xi Jinping emphasized when visiting the Siping Battle Memorial Hall: "It is necessary to let the 1.4 billion people, more than 90 million party members, especially the leading cadres at all levels learn the history of the Communist Party of China and the history of New China well."
Earnestly studying the history of the party and the history of the new China is a compulsory course for party members and cadres to not forget their original aspirations and keep their mission in mind. They should draw rich nourishment from them, instill a strong sense of family and country, and take the long march of the new era.
A magnificent history of the party and the history of new China records the hard work and glorious history of the Communist Party of China since its birth, demonstrating the faith and loyalty of the Communists with their lives and blood, and their original aspirations and missions that will always be adhered to.
History is the best textbook. For party members and cadres, the history of the party and the history of New China are the brightest chapters in this textbook.
Every party member and cadre must continuously strengthen the historical thinking of taking history as a mirror and moving towards the future, based on a new journey and a new mission, pick up the "baton" of the times, and take the long march of contemporary people.
Cast the soul with history, and stick to the original mission in studying the history of the party and the history of New China.
Open the history of the party and the history of New China, full of the eternal mission of the Chinese Communists and their rock-solid beliefs, showing the simple feelings of the Communists that they will always be with the people.
To understand the important events, important meetings, and important figures in the history of the party and the new China at close range is not only an intuitive spiritual shock and ideological baptism, but also a deep understanding of the connotation of the original belief and the weight of the mission.
For party members and cadres, if they want to continue to hone their original mission and maintain their advanced character, they must find the origin of our starting point and the fulcrum of our original aspiration from the history of the party and the history of New China, maintain a clear understanding and firm stand, inspire the strength to fight for the country and the people, and ensure that the red country built by the revolutionary ancestors with their blood and lives will be passed on from generation to generation.
It is wise to study history and inherit the lofty spirit in the study of party history and the history of New China.
Since the founding of the Communist Party of China, a series of great spirits such as the Red Boat Spirit, the Jinggangshan Spirit, the Long March Spirit, the Yan'an Spirit, the Anti-Japanese War Spirit, the Xibaipo Spirit, the "Two Bombs and One Star" Spirit, and the Aerospace Spirit have been shaped successively.
These great spirits precipitated by history have provided a powerful spiritual incentive for our party to overcome various risks and challenges on the way forward. They are precious spiritual treasures that cannot be defeated, washed away, or taken away.
The process of studying party history and Chinese history is a process of revisiting these spirits and shaping one's own spirit. We must consciously take the lofty spirit of the revolutionary ancestors as a mirror, stick to the spiritual home of the communists, build a solid spiritual foundation for advancing great causes and realizing great dreams, and inherit and carry forward these spirits to shine with the light of the new era.
Reading history and introspection, in studying the history of the Party and the history of New China, we continue to keep the righteous and eliminate the evil.
For party members and cadres, there has never been any history that can bring more profound warnings, inspirations and references than the history of the party and the history of New China.
In the history of the party and the new China, we can not only see the great deeds of the older generation of revolutionaries who are determined to dedicate their lives to their beliefs and indomitable struggle to achieve the set goals, but also see the profound lessons of some characters who have wavered in their ideals and beliefs and have gone to the opposite of the revolution, which enlightens and warns us to never stagnate and never slack off with firm determination and will.
To truly become a firm believer and faithful practitioner of the lofty ideals of communism, we need to remove the "dust" of our thoughts and strictly prevent "dirt" from staining our body. The history of the party and the history of new china should be the basis for every party member and cadre to examine and warn himself.
Knowing the history is inspirational, and bravely takes on the important tasks of the times in the study of the history of the party and the history of New China.
General Secretary Xi Jinping once pointed out: "Learning the history of the party and the country is a compulsory course for upholding and developing socialism with Chinese characteristics and for advancing the various undertakings of the party and the country."
Looking back at the history and asking the original intention is to continue the glory and move towards the future.
Every party member and cadre should take the study of the history of the party and the new China as a lifelong pursuit, constantly correct the course of life in the study, and shoulder the historical mission, dare to take responsibility, and take the initiative in their respective jobs.
Adhere to the advanced deeds of the older generation of revolutionaries as a reference and guide, constantly polish the political nature of the communists, maintain a fighting attitude of seizing the day and making progress, and the fighting spirit of the more difficult and dangerous, writing a splendid stroke of its own in the mighty journey of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
"Place Jiangnan" in pursuit of the poetic "Yellow River Dream" - Chinanews.com
(China's Poverty Reduction Story) "Crossing the Yangtze River" in pursuit of the poetic "Yellow River Dream"
China News Agency, Yinchuan, July 26 (Yang Di) "The nine-curved Yellow River is a thousand miles of sand, and the waves are rushing from the end of the world."
The Yellow River, which has aroused countless literati's innocence and pride, has given birth to the beautiful and fertile Ningxia Plain. Now, Ningxia, which has the reputation of "sealing the south of the Yangtze River", is adhering to the concept of "ecological priority and green development" and pursuing the poetic "Yellow River Dream".
"Bibo Dream" with beautiful river water
"The Yellow River in the world is rich in Ningxia", the Yellow River flows through Ningxia 397 kilometers and is the "mother river" for raising one side.
However, with the rapid advancement of industrialization and urbanization, the development, utilization, management and protection of rivers and lakes are out of balance, and the chaos of excessive sewage discharge, reclamation of lakes, and encroachment of water areas have emerged, resulting in black and odorous water bodies, excessive water quality, dirty environment and ecological degradation.
Now, Ningxia is promoting the restoration of diverse water ecology, and strives to restore the water of the Yellow River.
Water control starts at the source.
In Yinchuan, Ningxia, the local government adopted the method of "standardization   pollution control   strict management". All sewage in industrial parks has been centrally treated, and all urban sewage treatment plants have achieved Grade A standard discharge. The black and odorous water bodies in urban built-up areas have been basically eliminated, and the third batch of China's black and odorous water body demonstration cities has been successfully declared.
In addition, Ningxia fully implemented the river and lake chief system in 2017, and now it has achieved full coverage of the five-level river and lake chief system responsibility system in districts, cities, counties, and villages, and long river and lake patrols have become the norm.
Gu Jincheng, 64, who lives in a village beside the Yellow River, has witnessed the changes in the Yellow River: "The water used to have a stench, but after the renovation, the stink has disappeared."
Gu Jincheng said that the ecological environment has improved and his life is more comfortable. Now he often goes for a walk along the Yellow River with his family to feel the clear water and blue sky.
Shagu Xiangji's "Wetland Dream"
Flying birds, green trees, trestle roads, clear water... The beauty of "Sea gulls Xiangji" written by Fan Zhongyan has become a reality in the Yellow River Wetland Park in Yinchuan, Ningxia.
The Yellow River flows through Ningxia, forming a variety of wetlands such as river wetlands, lake wetlands, and swamp wetlands along the way, which plays an important role in promoting the rational utilization of water resources and water ecological balance, and has also become an important bird migration channel in the world.
Since 2009, relevant departments in Ningxia have invested a total of about 3.45 billion yuan in wetland protection projects. At present, Yinchuan wetland covers an area of 19,200 hectares, with a wetland protection rate of 78.5%. There are nearly 200 natural lakes and swamp wetlands. It has 5 national wetland parks, 1 national urban wetland park, 6 autonomous region-level wetland parks and 8 municipal parks.
Lv Jinhu, deputy director of the Yinchuan Wetland Conservation Center, told reporters that wetland protection has increased biodiversity, especially in birds. "The relict gull is an endangered bird, with only more than 20,000 in the world, of which there are more than 2,000 in Yinchuan Wetland."
At the same time, Ningxia has demarcated a 500-meter red line for the wetland protection area on both sides of the Yellow River in Yinchuan according to law, stipulating that, except for public welfare projects, no unit or individual is allowed to carry out development, construction and business activities within the protection area.
Zhao Shaoyong, deputy director of the Yinchuan Water Conservancy Service Center, said that through pollution source control, comprehensive improvement of river and lake ecology, and construction of end wetlands, the water quality of nine major drainage ditches in Ningxia has now reached 100% of Class IV standards. "Now the water is clear, the fish are swimming, and the flowers are blooming."
The "drinking water dream" that benefits people's livelihood
Yinchuan City, Ningxia, used to have an "embarrassing" title: the only city along the Yellow River that "guarded the Yellow River and was short of water to drink".
Since 2010, Yinchuan City has been facing the persistent water shortage problem during the peak summer season. The "water shortage pain" in the past decade has become a painful experience for many high-rise residents in summer. However, under the current situation that major water sources are at the limit of over-exploitation and a large area of groundwater over-exploitation funnel area has been formed in the urban area, water shortage has become a problem that plagues Yinchuan City.
Thanks to the improvement of the water quality of the Yellow River, drinking purified Yellow River water has become a good way to solve the drinking water problem of local residents.
Ding Ming, deputy director of the Yinchuan Municipal Water Affairs Bureau, introduced that in order to improve the water demand for daily life and production of Yinchuan urban and rural residents, Ningxia launched the urban-rural west line water supply project in the Yinchuan metropolitan area in a timely manner, replacing the original groundwater source with high-quality Yellow River water.
"On December 29, 2019, the water supply project officially opened water to the three districts of Yinchuan City. In 2020, residents of Minning Town and Helan County also drank Yellow River water."
Ding Ming said that the Yinchuan water conservancy department will consider the integration of regional rural drinking water and urban water supply. "Next, we will integrate the scattered water supply points in rural areas and connect them to the West Route Water Supply Project. It is expected that the integrated urban and rural water supply in Yinchuan will be basically realized by the end of this year."
Compacting Responsibilities, All Departments Strengthen Flood Control and Disaster Relief Work-Chinanews
Responsibility for all departments to strengthen flood control and disaster relief work
CCTV News (News Broadcast): According to the news from the Ministry of Water Resources, at 12:00 today (July 25), the water level in the river section below Wangjiaba, the main stream of the Huaihe River, was 0.64-3.31 meters above the warning level, and the section below the river section below Shashi in the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River and the two lakes exceeded the warning level by 0.05-2.02 meters.
It has been 28 days since Taihu Lake exceeded the warning level on June 28.
At 12 o'clock today, the average water level of Taihu Lake was 4.67 meters, 0.02 meters above the guaranteed water level.
Today, the National Defense General Economic Association decided to continue to maintain the Yangtze River and Huaihe River flood control level II response, requiring all localities to compact their responsibilities and further implement the flood control and disaster relief work.
Today, the National Defense Office and the Ministry of Emergency Management urgently dispatched professional flood-draining vehicles from Shandong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, and Fujian to help Jiangxi solve the problems of urban waterlogging caused by heavy rainfall.
US launches anti-subsidy investigation against China for "undervalued yuan" for the first time
In response to the recent announcement by the US Department of Commerce, it has decided to initiate an anti-dumping and countervailing investigation against cable ties (tethers) originating in China, and to initiate an investigation into the "undervaluation of the RMB exchange rate" project.
China's Ministry of Commerce pointed out that this is the first time that the United States has filed an investigation into the so-called "undervaluation of the RMB exchange rate" project in a countervailing case, and China firmly opposes this.
The Ministry of Commerce of China issued a special press release on the evening of the 23rd, saying that China implements a managed floating exchange rate system based on market supply and demand, with reference to a basket of currencies, and the market plays a decisive role in the formation of the exchange rate.
The press release emphasizes that, in general, the RMB exchange rate is at a reasonable and balanced level and is not undervalued.
Since 2005, the renminbi has appreciated more than 17% against the US dollar.
According to the data released by the Bank for International Settlements, from the beginning of 2005 to May 2020, the nominal effective exchange rate of the RMB appreciated by 38%, and the real effective exchange rate appreciated by 49%. It is the most powerful currency in the G20 economies and one of the currencies with the largest appreciation in the world.
The Ministry of Commerce pointed out that the exchange rate issue is beyond the competence of members to conduct countervailing investigations under World Trade Organization rules.
In February this year, the United States revised its regulations to conduct countervailing investigations on foreign exchange rates, which has been suspected of violating WTO rules and has been opposed by many quarters.
According to the press release, even under U.S. regulations, the applicant's complaint contained a large number of errors and did not have the necessary elements of countervailing such as financial assistance, benefit granting and specificity.
China urges the US to abide by existing international rules and stop conducting countervailing investigations on the so-called "undervaluation of the RMB exchange rate".
Affected by the further escalation of Sino-US relations, the offshore and onshore renminbi exchange rates against the US dollar once fell sharply on the 22nd, and both fell below the 7.0 yuan per US dollar mark.
Whether this move by the US Department of Commerce is intended to force the yuan to rise deserves attention.
The spot exchange rate of RMB against the US dollar rose above the 7.0 mark on the 23rd, closing at 6.9961.
The central parity of the RMB against the US dollar, which is officially regulated, was lowered by 17 basis points on the 24th to 6.9938.
With the gradual improvement of the epidemic situation, the film and television industry, which has been silent for nearly half a year, has gradually returned to normal.
A few days ago, the Organizing Committee of the 26th Shanghai TV Festival announced the shortlist for this Magnolia Award.
In terms of best actor and actress, the Mesozoic actors of the strength school have an absolute advantage. Lei Jiayin, Chen Baoguo, Zhang Ruoyun, Sun Honglei and Huang Lei will compete for the best actor, Hai Qing, Ma Yili, Qin Hailu, Sun Li and Yan Ni will compete for the best actress.
The results will be officially announced on August 7.
From the current point of view, starting from the topic of the college entrance examination, the TV drama "Little Joy", which depicts the reality of "Chinese-style family", has won a total of 6 nominations for "Best Chinese TV Drama", "Best Director", "Best Screenplay", "Best Actress" and "Best Supporting Actor/Actress".
The "Best Actor and Actor" award has always been one of the focus of attention from the outside world. This year's competition is also extremely fierce. The finalists are all talented actors and actresses. Chen Baoguo, Huang Lei, Lei Jiayin, Sun Honglei and Zhang Ruoyun will compete for "Best Actor".
Chen Baoguo, Huang Lei and Sun Honglei are all well-qualified Mesozoic actors. Lei Jiayin, 37, is also a powerful actor. As for Zhang Ruoyun, 32, he is the youngest finalist.
In 2016, 34-year-old Hu Ge won the Best Actor of the Magnolia Award for "Langya List" and became the youngest TV emperor in the award. This year, Zhang Ruoyun will break this record if he can defeat several other predecessors.
The competition for Best Actress was finally fixed in Hai Qing, Ma Yili, Qin Hailu, Sun Li, Yan Ni and other mainstay actresses in the film and television industry.
It is worth mentioning that Sun Li was nominated for the role of Fang Sijin in Settlement. This is the sixth time she has been nominated for the award. In 2014 and 2016, she won the "Best Actress" twice with "The True Story of a Hot Mom" and "The Legend of Mi Yue".
The Fujian Provincial Health and Health Commission reported on the morning of the 26th the latest new crown pneumonia epidemic, saying that from 0 to 24:00 on July 25, Fujian Province reported 1 new imported asymptomatic infection, 1 new imported confirmed case, and 4 imported asymptomatic infection.
Among them, the newly imported asymptomatic infections from outside the province were imported from Dalian City, Liaoning Province (reported by Fuzhou City), and the newly imported confirmed cases imported from abroad were imported from the Philippines (reported by Xiamen City); 4 new imported asymptomatic infections were imported from abroad, of which: 1 case was imported from the United States (reported by Fuzhou City), and 3 cases were imported from the Philippines (reported by Xiamen City).
As of 24:00 on July 25, Fujian Province has reported a total of 69 imported confirmed cases, 66 have been cured and discharged, 3 are currently hospitalized, and no deaths; 0 suspected imported cases have been reported; 13 imported asymptomatic infections are still under centralized medical observation; 296 local confirmed cases have been reported (295 have been cured and discharged, 0 are currently hospitalized, and 1 died).
At present, 14,962 close contacts have been released from medical observation, and 324 are still under medical observation.
The total number of confirmed cases in Brazil has reached nearly 2.4 million, and the city of Rio announced the cancellation of New Year's celebrations jqknews
Data show that as of now, Brazil ranks second in the world in the number of confirmed cases and deaths, after the United States.
The state of São Paulo, the hardest-hit state of the epidemic, has nearly 480,000 confirmed cases and more than 20,000 deaths.
The states of Ceará and Rio de Janeiro have recorded more than 160,000 and 150,000 cases, respectively, while the states of Pará and Bahia have each recorded more than 140,000 cases.
The states of Maranhão and Minas Genas each have more than 110,000 confirmed cases.
Rio de Janeiro Mayor Marcelo Crivira announced on the 25th that in view of the continuous spread of the new crown pneumonia epidemic in Brazil, an effective vaccine has not yet been available, and the city has decided to cancel the 2021 New Year celebrations.
The city has traditionally celebrated at the famous Copacabana Beach on New Year's Eve, and the last day of New Year's Eve in 2019 attracted 2.9 million people.
At the same time, the city also decided to postpone the 2021 Carnival event from February to September next year.
Sao Paulo Mayor Bruno Covas has announced on the 24th that it will cancel the city's New Year's Eve celebrations originally scheduled for December 31 this year on Paulista Avenue, and postpone the 2021 Carnival to the end of May or early July next year.
Venezuelan foreign minister accuses U.S. of making up lies against China - Xinhua English.news.cn
Arreaza said that the US government has recently put pressure on China in terms of politics, diplomacy, economy and public opinion, which is a baseless attack on a sovereign country.
Arreaza retweeted a tweet posted by Chinese Ambassador to Venezuela Li Baorong on his personal account earlier in the day and made the above comment.
Li Baorong said in a tweet that the Chinese side strongly condemns the US forcibly entering the Chinese Consulate General in Houston, which is a serious violation of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations and the China-US Consular Treaty, and China will make a proper and necessary response to this.
Venezuelan Vice President Rodriguez, Vice Foreign Minister for North American Affairs Carlos Long and other government officials, social celebrities and mainstream media reporters also retweeted Li Baorong's tweets, denouncing the US's actions as serious violations of international law.
On the 26th, the day before Philippine President Duterte delivered his fifth State of the Union address (SONA) during his presidency, the total number of confirmed cases of new crown pneumonia in the Philippines on the same day exceeded 80,000, of which the number of confirmed cases of staff of the Presidential Office of Information (PCOO) and its direct agencies increased to 25.
To this end, the PCOO has specially prepared a working group that has not been in contact with confirmed employees to cooperate with President Duterte's press release on SONA.
PCOO Minister Martin Andanar said in an interview with DZBB radio on the 26th that two sets of plans have been prepared for President Duterte to announce the SONA method.
According to Plan A, Duterte will deliver SONA at the Batasang Pambansa Building in Quezon City on the afternoon of the 27th.
Due to the epidemic, only 50 seats were arranged for some government cabinet members and legislators, and a video conference room was set up for other cabinet members and local government officials to watch.
All participants will be allowed to enter the Capitol after passing a rapid test that day.
Once one of the participants tests positive, plan B will be launched, that is, President Duterte will deliver SONA at the Malacanang Palace, the presidential palace, and fewer seats will be arranged for the hearing.
As is customary, SONA will broadcast live to the whole country in real time.
As of press time, Malacañang has not confirmed whether Duterte's family will attend SONA.
Andanar said President Duterte's SONA will focus on how the government will lead the Philippines in tackling the COVID-19 pandemic and restoring socio-economic life; it will also mention his commitments when he took office to fight government corruption, fight illicit drugs and reduce poverty.
Duterte will also outline other plans of the administration, including creating more jobs, revitalizing the economy, promoting education, and helping overseas Filipino workers who have suffered during the pandemic.
Yinchuan: Classified and implemented policies to support kindergartens to stabilize the teaching staff - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Yinchuan, July 26 (Reporter Ai Fumei) Affected by the epidemic, kindergartens in Yinchuan City, Ningxia, have not yet reopened. In particular, the financial pressure on private kindergartens has increased, which will have a certain impact on the stability of the kindergarten teachers and the sustainable development in the future.
In response to this, Yinchuan City has adopted a number of measures such as pre-allocation of subsidy funds for inclusive private kindergartens, post-stabilization subsidies for non-inclusive private kindergartens, and rent reductions and exemptions for private kindergartens to support these kindergartens to stabilize the teaching staff.
According to the relevant policies of Yinchuan City, during the epidemic period, for the organizers of inclusive private kindergartens (including kindergartens that have been converted into inclusive kindergartens in urban communities) with reference to the minimum wage standards in the three districts, if the basic living allowance is not less than 1,660 yuan per person per month for teachers and staff, the municipal finance will advance 6 months of subsidy funds for teachers' wages and social insurance costs based on the standard of 1,000 yuan per student per student per year for inclusive private kindergartens.
For non-inclusive private kindergartens that also provide basic living allowances of not less than 1,660 yuan per person per month for teachers and staff, Yinchuan City will arrange 6-month subsidy funds as subsidy funds for preschool teachers according to the standard of 500 yuan per student per student per year.
At the same time, for private kindergartens that lease state-owned assets for business use, Yinchuan City will reduce the house rent for 3 months during the period of epidemic prevention and control, and encourage developers and other types of leasing entities to assume social responsibilities, reduce or exempt the rent of kindergartens, and reduce or exempt the relevant taxes and fees in accordance with the policy.
The No. 3 flood of the Yangtze River in 2020 formed the Ministry of Water Resources to refine and implement the countermeasures-China News Network
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Hu Lu) On the 26th, the No. 3 flood of the Yangtze River in 2020 formed.
E Jingping, Minister of Water Resources, presided over the meeting on the 26th, and requested that the Three Gorges Reservoir should be fine-tuned, the water coming from the upper reaches of the Yangtze River and Dongting Lake should be considered in an overall manner, and the peak shift should be implemented to reserve sufficient storage capacity to prepare for possible major floods, and to ensure the flood control safety of the main stream in the middle and lower reaches and the important dykes of Dongting Lake.
It is predicted that in the next three days, there will be heavy to torrential rains in parts of eastern Southwest China, southern Jianghuai, western northern Jiangnan, southern eastern Hubei, and central Guangxi, among which there will be heavy rains in parts of northern Hunan and southwestern Jiangsu. There will be moderate to heavy rains in central and western North China, of which there will be heavy rains in parts of central Hebei.
The Ministry of Water Resources predicts that due to its impact, the inflow of the Three Gorges Reservoir in the upper reaches of the Yangtze River may reach about 60,000 cubic meters per second around 28 days ago, and the water level in the Lianhuatang River section of the middle reaches and Dongting Lake will rise again and exceed the maintenance by about 0.20 meters.
E Jingping proposed that the Huaihe River Basin should further intensify flood discharge, reduce the water level of Hongze Lake as soon as possible, and prepare for the possibility of major floods.
It is necessary to fully do a good job in responding to heavy rain and floods in the Yishu and Sishui system.
He said that the Taihu Lake Basin should continue to intensify flood discharge efforts, reduce the water level of Taihu Lake and the surrounding river network as soon as possible, and reduce the risk of high water levels in Taihu Lake and typhoons.
In addition, he emphasized that the floods in northern areas such as Inner Mongolia and Hebei have steep rises and steep falls, and the early warning time is short, which can easily cause mountain torrents and debris flows, and it is difficult to defend; there are many small and medium-sized reservoirs and check dams, and there are safety hazards.
58 APPs that infringe on users' rights and interests were exposed, involving more than a dozen listed companies-Chinanews
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology pointed out that in accordance with laws and regulations such as the "Network Security Law", "Telecommunications Regulations", "Telecommunications and Internet Users Personal Information Protection Regulations" and other laws and regulations, a third-party testing agency has recently been organized to inspect mobile phone application software and urge companies with problems to rectify.
The problems of these 58 apps include collecting personal information privately, collecting personal information beyond the scope, frequently applying for permissions, excessively requesting permissions, difficult account cancellation, privately sharing to third parties, and not giving permission and not allowing it to be used.
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology requires that 58 APPs should complete the rectification and implementation work before July 30. If the rectification is not done within the time limit, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology will organize and carry out relevant disposal work in accordance with laws and regulations.
Sino-Singapore Jingwei reporters sorted out and found that behind the 58 APPs notified, more than ten US stocks, Hong Kong stocks and A-share listed companies were involved.
For example, "Fangduo" is a product of Fangduo, a US-listed company, which has five major problems: collecting personal information privately, collecting personal information beyond the scope, sharing it privately to third parties, forcing users to use the targeted push function, and frequently applying for permissions.
According to public information, Fangduo was listed on Nasdaq in November 2019. It is "the first real estate agency company in China with an industrial Internet SaaS (software service) model", providing online solutions for many intermediary merchants.
In response to the difficulty in canceling the account of the "Qunar.com" APP pointed out in the notification, according to the Beijing News, Qunar.com responded that in order to prevent the black industry from taking advantage of frequent registration and cancellation for profits, Qunar has registered on the basis of voluntary cancellation, and the cancellation needs to be set at an interval of one month.
Considering the convenience of cancellation and account security, the cancellation has been changed to take effect immediately, and is currently awaiting review.
A network security expert who did not wish to be named told the Sino-Singapore Jingwei client that the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology has issued three APP notifications of violations of user rights and interests this year.
Among them, the three problems of private collection of personal information, excessive requests for permissions, and difficulty in account cancellation have been repeatedly "managed".
It can also be found from the notification that the current APP invasion of privacy has attracted more and more attention.
On July 24, the day when 58 APPs infringing on the rights and interests of users were notified, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology said that a notice was issued a few days ago to deploy and carry out a special rectification action to promote the infringement of users' rights and interests by APPs.
The special rectification will strengthen supervision and inspection in accordance with regulations, urge relevant enterprises to strengthen the protection of APP personal information, promptly rectify and eliminate outstanding problems such as illegal collection, use of user personal information and harassment of users, deception and misleading users, and inadequate implementation of management responsibilities of application distribution platforms, so as to purify the APP application space.
Lewis family: John Lewis a fighter 'fighting for the weakest'
US Congressman and civil rights fighter John Lewis was remembered as a fighter "for the weakest" at a memorial service held in his honour on Saturday (July 25).
Lewis' public memorial service has been held in Alabama since Saturday.
There were two memorial services on the first day.
At a public memorial service at the University of Troy in Alabama on Saturday, five of Lewis' siblings and a nephew spoke of him as a loving, fearless, family-oriented man.
"He dedicated his life to helping others," Lewis' youngest brother, Henry "Grant" Lewis, said at the meeting.
Samuel Lewis said his mother had warned John to "don't get in trouble, don't get into trouble."
He added that John hadn't heeded his mother's warnings, saying: "We all know that John is always going to get into trouble, always getting into trouble, but that's because of sticking to the right thing, and that's a good trouble."
Lewis' siblings reminded those at the memorial service that John's most famous argument was to create "good trouble," that is, to provoke trouble as long as it's for the sake of justice.
John had applied to Troy University in Troy, Alabama, where he was born, but the all-white school at the time rejected his application.
John Lewis, who preached the gospel to chickens on his family farm as a child, eventually earned a degree in religion and philosophy from Fisk University.
Years later, Troy University awarded Lewis an honorary doctorate.
Senator Doug Jones of Alabama said the current protesters "are protesting peacefully and nonviolently," as Lewis did in the civil rights movement.
Jones said: "Even if President Trump overturned a boat and called all the protesters thugs, he was wrong.
The protesters are patriots who want America to move towards a more equal country."
A six-day series of events in Lewis' memory will culminate this week at a funeral in Georgia.
Lewis' casket was parked Saturday at a public memorial service at Troy University, where people came to pay tribute to the civil rights pioneer.
A private service honored him later Saturday at a chapel in Selma, Alabama, followed by a public memorial service.
On Sunday, Lewis' body will cross the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma.
In 1965, he and demonstrators demanding the right to vote for blacks were beaten by Alabama police in front of the bridge, and the police also fired tear gas on the demonstrators.
Lewis was nearly killed at the time.
The day became known as "Bloody Sunday".
Lewis' body will be transported to Montgomery, Alabama's capital.
Mayor Steven Reed encouraged people to line up on the sidewalk to join Lewis for the final ride.
At the same time, officials asked the public to wear masks and maintain social distancing when participating in events.
Alabama Governor Kay Ivey ordered flags to be flown at half-mast on Saturday and Sunday in honor of Lewis.
During the nearly week-long commemoration, Lewis' body will be temporarily laid down at the Alabama State Capitol in Montgomery, the Georgia State Capitol in Atlanta, and the U.S. Capitol in Washington.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced last week that people could come to the U.S. Capitol this Monday and Tuesday to pay their respects to Lewis.
Due to the coronavirus pandemic, public events in tribute to Lewis will be held outdoors.
Shenzhen solicits public opinions on promulgating health regulations - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Shenzhen, July 26 (Reporters Mao Siqian and Bai Yu) Encourage residents to take frequent physical examinations to detect problems early; prohibit the sale of alcoholic beverages to minors; establish a health review system for online games; employers must have full-time and part-time health management personnel... Recently, the "Shenzhen Special Economic Zone Health Regulations (Draft for Comments)" was officially released, and Shenzhen residents will have their own "health law."
In order to encourage residents to take physical examinations frequently and find problems early, the above-mentioned draft for comments proposes that the health and health department should formulate a basic catalogue of health examination items based on factors such as age and occupation.
The health check-up fee that falls within the basic catalogue of health check-up items shall be paid by the social medical insurance pooling fund on the basis of once per person per year.
The Draft for Comments clarifies that employers should rationally allocate human resources, arrange time for employees to work and rest, and implement a rotation system for employees with heavy mental and physical workloads to avoid excessive loss of human body functions or physical and mental health damage to employees. At the same time, the system of paid leave for employees should be strictly enforced.
In addition, the employer should be equipped with full-time and part-time health management personnel, and regularly organize employees to carry out health examinations.
In terms of the physical and mental health of minors, the Draft for Comments proposes that it is forbidden to sell alcoholic beverages to minors, and at the same time, the sales location of alcoholic beverages is restricted. For those who violate the regulations, the market supervision and management department will order corrections and impose a fine of 30,000 yuan.
In addition to "prohibition of alcohol", minors should also "exercise more".
According to the requirements of the Draft for Comments, schools should arrange more than one hour of physical activity for students every day.
For online games, the departments of public security, culture, radio, television, tourism and sports, network supervision, and health care shall improve the health supervision system of Internet service business places, establish a health review system for online games, and create a good communication space and communication culture for promoting the healthy growth of young people.
In addition, the consultation draft also proposes that influenza patients must wear masks when entering and leaving public places, and medical and health institutions will be fined 20,000 yuan for leaking patients' privacy without consent.
It is worth noting that, in addition to the physical and mental health of residents, the consultation draft also requires that all departments in Shenzhen should assess the impact of public policy implementation on population health before formulating plans and normative documents involving urban spatial planning and construction, industrial park planning and construction, resource development and utilization and ecological environmental protection, and biomedical industry development, as well as approving major construction projects and implementing major public service projects.
If it has not been evaluated or will have a serious adverse impact on urban public health or residents' health, it shall not be enacted or approved for implementation.
2020-07-26 19:44:50 Source: People's Daily Online Author: Zhu Yanjing Responsible Editor: Zhu Yanjing
Recently, General Secretary Xi Jinping emphasized during his inspection in Jilin Province that it is necessary to strengthen the leadership of the party, promote the extension of party organizations to the grassroots level, improve the work system of grassroots party organizations, and provide a strong guarantee for urban and rural community governance.
Adhering to the guidance of party building and implementing the party's leadership in all fields and aspects of grass-roots governance is a directional and fundamental requirement for doing a good job in grass-roots governance.
To improve the level of grassroots governance, we must adhere to the leadership of party building, and promote the transformation of the party's political advantages, organizational advantages and mass work advantages into governance advantages by strengthening political leadership, building fighting fortresses, and concentrating red forces, and passing the party's power and ideas to the "nerve endings" and "last mile".
Pay attention to calcium supplementation and cast soul, and strengthen political leadership.
To strengthen the political leadership of grassroots governance, we must implement the "Calcium Supplement and Cast Soul" project well.
It is the primary task to learn and understand Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era, to make "not forgetting the original aspiration and keep the mission in mind" as the eternal task of party building and the lifelong task of party members and cadres, and strengthen the principle of reading the original text.
Through the combination of online and offline learning methods, broaden the channels of learning and education, and guide grass-roots party organizations and party members and cadres to truly integrate learning and education into daily life and grasp it regularly.
Pay attention to practical exercises, in the process of resolving the key and difficult problems in the field of grassroots governance, solve the troubles and troubles of the masses, and temper the party spirit and ability.
Improve the standards and build a battle fortress.
Grassroots party organizations are not only an important part of the grassroots governance system, but also an important carrier for demonstrating governance capabilities.
To promote the standardized construction of grassroots party organizations, we must start with grasping the working regulations of party branches, focus on issues such as weakening and ineffectiveness of party organization leadership, and strengthen the foundation, make up for shortcomings, and promote development by establishing a mechanism for linking up and down, innovating the form of branch establishment, normalizing and rectifying weak and loose, establishing and improving decision-making and discussion mechanisms, and serving the masses.
In rural areas, strengthen the standardized construction of village-level party organizations, standardize organizational forms, learning activities, and management mechanisms in accordance with the standardized construction standards of party branches, and effectively promote the implementation of systems such as "three meetings and one lesson" and theme party day activities.
In the city, pay attention to street communities, explore innovative forms of branch establishment, focus on weak areas, "blocking points" and "pain points", and actively build urban party building alliances to achieve effective coverage of party work.
At the same time, establish and improve the mechanism of grassroots governance and governance, improve the decision-making and discussion mechanism led by grass-roots party organizations, and improve the mechanism for party members and cadres to contact and serve the masses, so as to gather people’s hearts in serving the people, enhance the sense of acquisition, happiness, honor and pride of party members and the masses, and make grassroots governance more warm.
Play a pioneering role and gather the red power.
Grassroots party members and cadres are the cornerstone of grassroots governance.
To improve the ability of grassroots governance, focus on improving the governance ability of grassroots party members and cadres, pay attention to the demonstration and leading role of "red cells" in grassroots governance, and consolidate the red power at the forefront of contacting and serving the masses.
It is necessary to make the improvement of governance ability a compulsory course for grassroots party members and cadres, continuously strengthen ideological refinement, professional training, and practical exercise, carry forward the spirit of responsibility in their own posts and in urgent and dangerous tasks, and lay a solid foundation for promoting the modernization of the national governance system and governance capabilities.
It is necessary to widely carry out the "community whistle blowing, party member registration" activities, and participate in community construction, management and service by participating in themed party day activities, contacting people in difficulties, identifying service projects, claiming micro-wishes, and putting forward reasonable suggestions, so that party members can play a role in community governance.
It is necessary to give full play to the role of unemployed party members in rural areas, and guide the majority of grassroots party members to actively participate in poverty alleviation, ecological construction, petitions and stability maintenance, and straw burning bans.
The foundation is solid and the building is solid.
Grassroots party organizations are the foundation of the ruling edifice.
Only by sticking to the focus on strengthening the relationship between the party and the cadres and increasing the welfare of the people, and taking the leadership of party building as the fundamental way to promote the innovation and development of grassroots governance, can we build a solid foundation so that grassroots party organizations can pull out and stand up, and grassroots party members and cadres can catch up and rush up, and promote grassroots governance to have a "soul", orderly, powerful and effective.
Author: Lino
Tibetan antelopes in Hoh Xil enter relocation season - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xining News Agency, Xining, July 25 (Reporter Wang Jinjin) The reporter learned from the Wudaoliang Protection Station of the Hoh Xil Management Office of the Yangtze River Source Park of the Sanjiangyuan National Park Administration that monitoring showed that the Tibetan antelopes that had migrated to the Zhuonai Lake area in the hinterland of Hoh Xil were ending their calving and began to return to their original habitat.
Surveillance footage near the Wudaoliang Conservation Station shows that on July 25, about 40 female Tibetan antelopes led three Tibetan antelope cubs through 3002 kilometers of the Qinghai-Tibet Highway and the Wudaoliang North Bridge of the Qinghai-Tibet Railway. The Tibetan antelopes have begun to relocate.
Experts analyze that in recent years, the number of young Tibetan antelopes in the relocated flock accounts for a quarter to one-fifth of the total number of Tibetan antelopes.
Lian Xinming, an associate researcher at the Northwest Institute of Plateau Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, said: "In the early stage of relocation, Tibetan antelopes face a higher risk of predation, so the number of cubs in the flock will be relatively small, and there may even be no cubs."
According to the statistics of the Hoh Xil Management Office of the Yangtze River Source Park of the Sanjiangyuan National Park Administration, the number of Tibetan antelopes relocated has generally increased year by year. In 2019, the number of Tibetan antelopes relocated was 4,860, an increase of 338 over 2018.
Lian Xinming said: "The relocation of Tibetan antelopes is expected to end in early September this year, and the number of relocated Tibetan antelopes is expected to continue to increase."
The Tibetan antelope is a national first-class protected animal.
At the end of May every year, Tibetan antelopes from Sanjiangyuan in Qinghai, Qiangtang in Tibet, Altun Mountain in Xinjiang and other places go to Zhuonai Lake in the hinterland of Hoh Xil to give birth to lambs.
Wu Xiaomin, an expert on Tibetan antelope conservation in China and a researcher at the Shaanxi Institute of Zoology (Northwest Institute of Endangered Animals), said: "Remigration of Tibetan antelopes is a process in which female Tibetan antelopes bring their cubs back to their habitats one after another after giving birth. At first, the group of returning antelopes is relatively large, but then the Tibetan antelopes will return to their respective habitats according to different geographical populations and along different paths."
In order to ensure the safe relocation of the Tibetan antelope, the reporter learned that the Hoh Xil Management Office of the Yangtze River Source Park of the Sanjiangyuan National Park Administration has arranged staff to continue video monitoring and patrolling in the main relocation areas.
If a herd of Tibetan antelopes is found trying to cross the road, the mountaineers will conduct temporary traffic control at the first time, so that the herd can safely pass through the wild animal passage, and ensure that they are not disturbed by humans as much as possible on the way back.
So, how do you deal with the heat in your daily life?
Experts recommend that you avoid high-temperature periods when going out in summer, and it is best not to walk or work in the hot sun around noon, because the sun is the strongest during this period, and the possibility of heat stroke is higher.
If you must go out at this time, you must do a good job of protection, such as wearing a parasol, wearing a sun hat, and wearing sunglasses. It is best to apply sunscreen if possible to prevent injury.
Try to use light-colored, breathable cotton, linen, and silk textures for clothes, and wear less chemical fiber clothing, so as not to dissipate heat in time when sweating a lot, causing heat stroke.
In hot and muggy weather, prepare plenty of water to drink, drink it in time, and don't wait until you are thirsty to drink water, because once you feel thirsty, your body is already short of water. Drink water between 150ml and 200ml each time, drink warm boiled water, do not drink ice water.
According to the temperature, the general staff drink 1.5 liters to 2 liters of water every day, and the high temperature workers drink 3 liters to 5 liters of water a day.
When you sweat more, you can add some salt water appropriately to make up for the salt lost by the body through sweating.
In addition, the human body is prone to lack of potassium in summer, which makes people feel tired and tired. Tea with potassium is an excellent refreshing drink.
In summer, eat more fruits and vegetables with high water content, such as lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, etc.; fresh fruits, such as peaches, apricots, watermelons, and melons, whose water content is 80% to 90%, can be used to supplement water; dairy products can not only replenish water, but also meet the nutritional needs of the body.
In addition, people who work in a high temperature environment should be properly supplemented with drinks containing potassium, magnesium and other elements.
In summer, the days are long and the nights are short, the temperature is high, the body's metabolism is strong, the consumption is also large, and it is easy to feel tired.
Adequate sleep can relax the brain and various systems of the body, which is not only conducive to work and study, but also a measure to prevent heat stroke.
Experts say the best time to go to bed is 22:00 to 23:00, and the best time to wake up is 5:30 to 6:30.
Be careful not to lie under the air-conditioning vents and electric fans during sleep to avoid air-conditioning illnesses and heat colds.
Experts suggest that people who are outdoors or perform high-temperature operations can carry heatstroke prevention medicines such as ten drops of water, Rendan, Huoxiangzhengqi water or Huoxiangzhengqi pills, or place them in the nearest workplace and use them at any time to prevent heat stroke.
Graduate art exhibition moved into shopping mall public welfare exhibition - Xinhua English.news.cn
In the season of "cloud graduation" in major universities, a rare offline graduate art exhibition opened warmly last weekend.
However, it is neither in the art museum nor on campus, but in the public space of Chaoyang Joy City, and is free and open to the public until August 23.
The reporter learned that this 2020 graduate art exhibition has collected 50 works/groups of 57 young artists from the Central Academy of Fine Arts, Communication University of China and Tianjin Academy of Fine Arts. The exhibition space extends from the 2nd floor to the 6th floor, and makes full use of the light boxes in the building to display the flat works to maximize the artistic atmosphere of the graduation season.
Under the epidemic, the significance of this exhibition is particularly special.
Ge Pingyan, the head of Chaoyang Joy City Meichen, said: "We have chosen to bring the graduation exhibition to the 'cloud' back to the offline space again, and hope that more people can see young people's exploration of themselves and understanding of the world, and amplify the healing power of art on society and the soul."
She revealed that the works in this exhibition were collected from graduates from several major art colleges, and selected suitable for commercial space display. The forms of works range from traditional easel paintings and sculptures to new media installations, interactive animations, and VR panoramas. The volume and richness are the largest in previous years.
Among them, Li Yunxiao expressed his feelings in this epidemic through a mixture of mechanical and manual creative language in "The First Battle of 2020"; Liu Jiaying's work "Sound Money" created through the Ethereum blockchain explores themes such as "cryptocurrency", "creation of credit", "transaction"; Zhang Jiaqi's "Cat Forest" and Qiu Daqiang's "Ji Zhongyu" are both a reminder of the relationship between young people and animals that are often accompanied by human beings.
Among the few graduates who set up the exhibition in person is Li Jingyin from the Sculpture Department of Tianjin Academy of Fine Arts.
"I came to Beijing on July 7. I was actually a little worried about the epidemic at that time. I also did a nucleic acid test three days in advance. I came to set up the exhibition with alcohol cotton and test reports."
His work "Yesterday as a Mystery" is relatively complex in structure and must be done by hand.
At the same time, he also undertakes the task of helping students repair damaged works.
"The exhibition was set up until 4:30 in the morning, and then repaired. The time was very tight. I forgot to take a photo with the work, which is a bit of a pity."
He hopes that when the epidemic situation is more stable, he and his classmates will come to Beijing to see his works exhibition.
(Reporter Li Li)
That morning, Bolsonaro, 65, tweeted a photo of him wearing sneakers and no mask, sitting at a breakfast table, smiling, with a thumbs up in one hand and a box of hydroxychloroquine in the other.
"Good morning everyone! Coronavirus test result: Negative," he tweeted.
However, Bolsonaro did not say when the test for the new coronavirus turned negative was carried out.
On July 5, Bolsonaro showed symptoms of new coronary pneumonia. On the 6th, he was tested positive for the virus. On the 7th, he announced on live TV that he was diagnosed with new coronary pneumonia.
On the 14th and 21st, Bolsonaro was tested for the new crown virus twice, and the results were still positive.
During the isolation period, Bolsonaro showed the hydroxychloroquine drugs he was taking through live broadcasts on social media many times, and said that hydroxychloroquine had a good effect on new coronary pneumonia, and he felt very good after taking it. His good health is due to hydroxychloroquine, and he advocated that Brazilian medical institutions use hydroxychloroquine drugs to treat new coronary pneumonia.
According to Brazilian media reports, as of now, five cabinet ministers and 10 governors in Brazil have been diagnosed with new crown pneumonia.
Small plane crashes in Swiss Alps, killing all four on board - Xinhua English.news.cn
China News Service, July 26. According to the European Network, citing the European Union News Agency, on July 25 local time, the Swiss police informed the media that a small plane crashed in the Swiss Alps on the 25th.
All two Swiss and two Austrians on board were killed in the accident.
According to reports, a police statement in the southern Swiss canton of Wallis said that a small plane crashed at an altitude of more than 3,000 meters near the peak of the Alps in the canton of Valais. Rescuers rushed to the scene of the crash and confirmed that all four people on board were killed.
Valais cantonal police said that a witness called the police at 12:25 p.m. on the 25th to report that he had witnessed a small plane falling from the sky.
A few minutes later witnesses again reported to police that smoke was billowing from the crash site.
After receiving the alarm, the police quickly coordinated the fire police, medical staff and rescue personnel and sent a helicopter to the scene of the accident for rescue.
When rescuers arrived at the crash site, all four people on board were found dead.
Police confirmed that the victims included two Swiss, aged 50 and 66, and two Austrians, aged 46 and 50.
Police said they are currently working with the Swiss Transport Safety Investigation Board to investigate the cause of the crash.
Heavy rains in 33 districts and counties of Chongqing issue yellow and orange warnings for floods - Xinhua English.news.cn
China News Service, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporter Liu Xianglin) The reporter learned from the Chongqing Municipal Water Conservancy Bureau on the 26th that in the past 24 hours, there have been heavy rains in 33 districts and counties in Chongqing, including 16 districts and counties.
Heavy rains caused flooding in 71 small and medium-sized rivers in Chongqing, and two flood warnings have been issued in the local area.
According to the monitoring of Chongqing Municipal Hydrological Monitoring Station, from 8:00 on the 25th to 8:00 on the 26th, there were heavy torrential rains in most parts of Chongqing, and local heavy rains.
33 districts and counties such as Tongnan, Tongliang, and Hechuan experienced heavy rains, of which 16 districts and counties such as Zhongxian, Kaizhou and Wuxi experienced heavy rains; the maximum daily rainfall occurred in Longshan Village, Jinshan Town, Nanchuan, with 197.5 mm.
In 71 small and medium-sized rivers, including Tongnan Fujiang, Qiongjiang and Kaizhou Nanhe, there was a process of flooding of 1 to 7 meters, and the highest water level did not exceed the warning water level.
It is estimated that from 8:00 on the 26th to 8:00 on the 27th, small and medium-sized rivers in most areas of Chongqing may experience different degrees of flooding, and some small and medium-sized rivers may experience floods beyond the alarm level.
At the same time, the local area will also pay attention to the possible transit floods of the Yangtze River and Jialing River.
CBA welcomes the first batch of viewers after the rematch, pay attention to these if you want to watch the playoffs jqknews
2020-07-26 20:26:01 Source: China News Network Author: Yue Chuan Editor in charge: Yue Chuan
Chinanews.com client, July 26. According to the official news of the CBA League, the Qingdao Division of the CBA finally welcomed the first batch of fans after the rematch today.
Fans watching the game include Qingdao Mobile staff, doctors, teachers, public security personnel and other people who have made outstanding contributions to the society during the epidemic. On July 31, the CBA playoffs of this season officially started, and ticket sales for fans will also be officially resumed at that time.
Affected by the epidemic, the CBA league resumed on June 20 after being suspended for nearly five months.
Although there were not many spectators who entered the game on the afternoon of the 26th, the camp feeling at the scene was already obvious: some people were applauding, while others were silent.
The players on the field are tit-for-tat, and the fans off the field are also fighting each other. Such a picture has not been seen for a long time.
During the playoffs, fans should pay attention to the following if they want to watch the game live.
The venue for fans to purchase tickets for this time is the Diamond Stadium of Qingdao Guoxin Sports Center (Laoshan Division). The system of online real-name ticket purchase and offline real-name admission is fully implemented for ticket sales. All fans must be at least 12 years old and hold a nucleic acid test certificate within 48 hours.
Reward 50,000 yuan Hubei Enshi praises Shaziba landslide as "the first person in early warning" - Chinanews.com
Hubei Daily News (Reporter Lin Jing) On July 26, Enshi City notified Chen Guangming, a geological disaster site monitor who made important contributions to the early warning of Shaziba landslide, and sent him a bonus of 50,000 yuan.
At the same time, the city's party members and cadres are called on to learn from his dedication, daring to take responsibility, initiative, and dedication.
On July 21, a landslide occurred in Shaziba, Mazhe Village, Tunbao Township, Enshi City, resulting in the formation of a dammed lake in the main stream of the Qingjiang River. Chen Guangming, 58, was the first person to warn of the landslide.
On the afternoon of July 17, Chen Guangming learned that the walls of the villagers' homes were cracked and immediately went to the scene to check.
He had just walked five or six hundred meters from his home when he saw the village road split by four or five centimeters, extending along the road to the cornfield, about 50 meters in length.
Chen Guangming suddenly became alert, and immediately sent the photos of the road cracking to the "contact group of geological disaster monitors" in the township.
According to the on-site inspection and judgment by the relevant person in charge of the Tunbao Township Natural Planning Institute, the possibility of landslide is very high, and the decision to evacuate the masses was made immediately.
Chen Guangming's timely warning won 36 hours of valuable time for the safe evacuation of 1,339 people from 315 households in the affected area.
No one was injured in this major geological disaster.
Chen Guangming's serious and responsible professionalism was praised by the masses.
Facing the praise, he said: "No one saves someone, it's my responsibility."
New drug developed by Australian university is expected to treat blood vessel blockage caused by new crown - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Sydney, July 26 (Reporter Chen Yu) Researchers at Monash University in Australia are developing a new drug that can help prevent heart disease and stroke, and hope the drug can be used to treat blood vessel blockages caused by the new coronavirus.
Researchers have found that an enzyme in platelets accelerates platelet clotting before a heart attack or stroke occurs.
So they developed a drug that temporarily inhibits platelet clotting, preventing blood vessels from clogging and preventing heart attacks and strokes.
The drug only inhibits the clotting effect of platelets when there are signs of a heart attack or stroke, the researchers said.
Since studies have shown that similar blood vessel blockages are one of the leading causes of death in critically ill patients with the new crown, researchers hope that the drug can be used in the treatment of such critically ill patients in the future.
At present, the drug has achieved good results in animal model experiments, and researchers are preparing for the next phase of human clinical trials.
The research results have been published in the American journal Science Translational Medicine.
He became the first spectator to enter the stadium after the CBA league rematch allowed spectators to watch the game live.
On the same day, in the second phase (Laoshan Division) of the 2019-2020 Chinese Men's Basketball Professional League (CBA) semi-finals (Laoshan Division) held in Qingdao, Shandong, medical staff, teachers, and public security personnel completed the relevant procedures including nucleic acid testing through the official ticketing platform and entered the stadium to watch the match between Shanghai Jiushi and Shandong Dongwang.
During the viewing period, spectators must wear masks throughout the game, be seated in designated numbers, and strictly maintain a one-meter distance between them.
When leaving the stage, the audience must follow the order from back to front, from the sides to the middle, and to maintain the "one-meter line" social distance to exit in an orderly manner.
Xinjiang deeply cultivates "sunflower fields" and makes good use of clean energy-Chinanews
2020-07-26 15:43:42 Source: China News Network Author: Chen Haifeng Responsible Editor: Chen Haifeng
China News Agency, Hami, Xinjiang, July 26 Question: Xinjiang deeply cultivates "sunflower fields" and makes good use of clean energy
More than 6,000 pentagonal heliostats, each 48 square meters, are arranged neatly in a circle, like a silver "sunflower field", which rotates with the sun and reflects the sunlight to the center more than 200 meters high heat absorption tower to realize power generation.
The reporter saw this scene at the CLP Engineering Hami Molten Salt Tower CSP Plant in Naomaohu Town, Yiwu County, Hami City, Xinjiang on the 25th.
"The so-called molten salt tower CSP is to concentrate sunlight through the mirror surface and reflect it to the heat absorption tower to form heat energy, and then convert the heat energy into electricity through traditional power generation technology."
Zhang Yong, deputy general manager of CLP Hami Solar Thermal Power Generation Co., Ltd., said that its design principle is similar to that of solar cookers used in rural areas in northwest China, which must gather sunlight.
The power plant started construction in October 2017 and was connected to the grid at the end of last year, covering an area of 6,600 mu, with a total of 14,500 heliostats planned to be installed.
"Compared to traditional solar power generation technology, the biggest advantage is that the accumulated heat energy can be stored and can be generated at night."
Zhang Yong said that the 13-hour heat storage system configured in the project can maintain continuous and stable operation of the generating units without being affected by changes in illumination; it can also quickly participate in the peak shaving of the power grid according to the peak and valley demand of the power grid load.
After the project is fully completed, it can achieve an annual power generation of 198 million kWh, save more than 60,000 tons of standard coal, reduce more than 60 tons of sulfur dioxide, more than 60 tons of nitrogen oxides, about 20 tons of soot, and more than 150,000 tons of carbon dioxide, providing a steady stream of clean energy for the local area.
In addition, there is another silver "sunflower field" in the Shichengzi Photovoltaic Industrial Park of Hami City.
The Hami Foguang solar photovoltaic power station covers an area of more than 2,300 mu. The 714 power generation equipment that have been built also follow the sun, and always keep the sunlight at a right angle of 90 degrees to the surface of the concentrating panel.
"We adopt dual-axis tracking concentrating power generation technology. Through unified integrated control, all power generation equipment will adjust the angle according to the height of the sun to maintain power generation efficiency."
Duan Mengqi, the head of the power station, said that under good weather conditions, the power generation technology can increase the efficiency of power generation by about 20% compared with traditional photovoltaic power generation.
In the first half of this year, the power station has generated more than 7 million kWh, supplementing the local electricity demand.
Shichengzi Photovoltaic Industrial Park is currently a photovoltaic industry demonstration park with the largest monomer scale and the most complete types of photovoltaic modules in Xinjiang. There are 38 photovoltaic power generation projects in total, with a total installed capacity of 820,000 kilowatts.
The power generation completed in the first half of this year exceeded 110 million kWh, an increase of 6% over the same period in 2019.
Hami is one of the regions with the best solar energy resources in China.
The annual average total solar radiation is more than 6200 megajoules per square meter, and the annual sunshine hours are about 3200 hours.
In recent years, the city has vigorously developed the photovoltaic industry and planted "sunflower fields".
The solar power generation scale with installed capacity of more than 2.5 million kilowatts has been built. In the first half of this year, the city's photovoltaic power generation exceeded 1.4 billion kWh, an increase of about 14% year-on-year.
At present, there are more than 330 grid-connected photovoltaic power stations in Xinjiang, with an installed capacity of over 10 million kilowatts.
It is expected that the annual photovoltaic power generation will reach 15 billion kWh this year, which can replace more than 6 million tons of standard coal.
The police informed the details of "the female college student went missing on a trip to Qinghai", and the search and rescue work is still continuing. - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xining News Agency, Xining, July 26 (Reporter Wang Jinjin and Zhou Zhe) Recently, "a female college student lost contact after traveling to Golmud, Qinghai" attracted the attention of netizens.
The Golmud City Public Security Bureau of Haixi Mongolian and Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in Qinghai Province reported on the 26th that Huang Moumou, a student from a university in Nanjing, is still in a state of missing contact. The police in many places are going deep into the line where Huang Moumou lost contact and actively searching for work.
On July 10, 2020, the Public Security Detachment of the Golmud City Public Security Bureau of Haixi Prefecture received a notice from the superior that Huang Moumou, a student from a university in Nanjing, took the Z164 train from Nanjing to Golmud on July 5.
According to the investigation by the Golmud Public Security Bureau, Huang Moumou entered Qinghai Province at 19:54 on July 6, and arrived in Golmud at 4:00 on the 7th.
At 8:00 on the same day, Huang Moumou, the missing person, took a taxi from the Yellow River Hotel in Golmud City towards the G109 National Road, and arrived at the Kokexili Sonandajie Protection Station at 12:00. The taxi driver returned alone. Huang Moumou arrived at the Qingshuihe area near the Sonamdajie Protection Station at 15:00 on the 7th and shut down in this area at about 18:00 on the 9th.
During further investigation, the police found that Huang Moumou had passed the Naijigou checkpoint at 17:07 on July 13.
The Naijigou Checkpoint is a checkpoint set up by Nagqu City, Tibet Autonomous Region at Nanshankou, Golmud City. Since the checkpoint has no video surveillance, it is impossible to determine the information of the person and the vehicle he is travelling in. The police can only search by car along the way. If Huang Moumou is found at checkpoints along the road in Tibet, he will immediately contact the Golmud City Public Security Bureau.
According to the latest situation, at 1:00 a.m. on July 26, the Golmud Public Security Bureau organized rescue forces to carry rescue equipment to the Defrozen Springs Protection Station and Sonam Dajie Protection Station along the Qinghai-Tibet Highway to search, and actively contacted the Sichuan Police, the Tibet Police, and the Nanjing Police to carry out joint work. The search and rescue work is still continuing.
The local police hope that the majority of netizens and all walks of life have relevant clues to provide Golmud police and Nanjing Jiangning police in a timely manner, and strive to find the missing person Huang Moumou as soon as possible.
At the same time, relevant experts advise that tourists should be standardized, rational and civilized when they are outdoors, pay attention to roadside warning signs at all times, do not venture into unmanned areas, and call the police in time in case of emergencies.
U.S. media uncovered the truth of the U.S. unwarranted request for China to close its consulate in Houston - Xinhua English.news.cn
2020-07-26 14:40:44 Source: CCTV Author: Zhu Yanjing Responsible Editor: Zhu Yanjing
U.S. media uncovered the truth of the U.S. unwarranted request for China to close its consulate in Houston
On the 24th, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs informed the U.S. Embassy in China that China decided to revoke the establishment and operation license of the U.S. Consulate General in Chengdu, and put forward specific requirements for the Consulate General to stop all business and activities, as a countermeasure to the U.S. side's sudden request on the 21st to close the Chinese Consulate General in Houston.
This behavior of the US government has attracted much attention, and its political motives have been questioned by foreign media and scholars.
Why did you ask the Chinese side to close the consulate general?
A number of foreign media said that it is not clear why the United States would choose the Chinese consulate in Houston, but for the purpose of this move, foreign media said bluntly: for the election.
CNN reported on the 23rd that the United States' move to ask China to close its consulate in Houston has raised questions about its political motives.
The article said that the US government's disastrous response to the new crown epidemic caused President Trump's poll approval ratings before the election to be relatively low.
White House officials have said privately that the tough approach to China is an effort to salvage Trump's approval ratings and to deflect blame for the White House's failed response to the outbreak.
The article argues that the Chinese Consulate General in Houston is a "politically driven and very cautious" target chosen by the United States, and that the U.S. government has chosen it "to create a tough attitude while avoiding the risk of major conflict."
The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) also believes that Trump believes that "playing the 'China card' has political advantages" at a time when the US election season is approaching and the US economy has been hit hard by the epidemic.
The current state of affairs is "a spiraling, tit-for-tat struggle" driven in part by the U.S. government from domestic considerations that will only exacerbate tensions between the U.S. and China.
CBS reported that Trump's re-election prospects were under pressure due to the outbreak, which he has repeatedly blamed China for.
Almost every day, the United States has new actions against Trump's absurd rhetoric of "China exploiting the United States."
"The Consulate General in Houston is very important in building ties between the two countries"
The Associated Press commented that the U.S. demand that China close its consulate in Houston has exacerbated tensions between the world's two largest economies.
If the Chinese Consulate General in Houston is closed, in addition to the diplomatic implications, Chinese citizens in the southern United States face difficulties in obtaining consular services, as do U.S. citizens seeking visas and other services.
A Houston business group regretted the U.S. request for China to close its consulate general in Houston, saying the consulate has played an important role in building trade, investment and cultural ties between the two countries.
The Associated Press believes that this reflects the importance of the Chinese economy.
The website of the US magazine Foreign Policy believes that the US move is "part of a series of provocative moves that will only worsen US-China relations."
Reuters quoted Jonathan Pollack, an East Asian expert at the Brookings Institution, a U.S. think tank, as saying that since the United States and China established full diplomatic relations in 1979, he can't think of anything comparable to the U.S. move against the Chinese consulate in Houston.
Hong Kong's "South China Morning Post" reported that this move by the United States is unprecedented in the more than 40 years of diplomatic relations between China and the United States.
Analysts believe the move could cause lasting damage.
The Chinese Consulate General in Houston, established in 1979, is the first Chinese consulate general in the United States.
Currently, China has one embassy and five consulates general in the United States.
Russia holds military parade to celebrate Navy Day - Xinhua English.news.cn
Ships lined up for the Navy Day celebrations in St. Petersburg, Russia, July 26, 2019.
Xinhua News Agency (photo by Mo Jingna)
Xinhua News Agency, Moscow, July 26 (Reporter Ru Jinbo) Russian fleets held a military parade to celebrate the Navy Day on the 26th to commemorate the 324th anniversary of the establishment of the Russian Navy.
On the same day, the Russian North Sea, Baltic Sea, Black Sea, Caspian Sea and Pacific Fleet held military parades in the waters where their respective bases are located. A total of 15,000 soldiers, 219 ships of various types and 71 military aircraft participated.
Russian President and Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces Vladimir Putin attended the parade of the Baltic Fleet.
About 4,000 soldiers, 46 ships and more than 40 warplanes participated in the local military parade.
Putin first reviewed the fleet of ships in the waters of the Kronstadt naval base in the Baltic Sea.
After that, he arrived in the waters of the Neva River in the center of St. Petersburg by speedboat and went ashore to watch the military parade on the Neva River.
In a speech at the military parade, Putin said that the modern technology level of Russian naval equipment has continued to improve in recent years. In 2020, the Russian navy will receive a total of about 40 new ships equipped with unique hypersonic strike systems.
In addition, the commander-in-chief of the Russian Navy, Yevmenov, said in an interview with the Russian Ministry of National Defense newspaper "Red Star" that Russia's plan to build ships has been effectively implemented, and that the number of new ships that the Russian Navy plans to receive in 2020 is the largest in recent years.
In 1696, Tsar Peter the Great set about building a sea fleet, creating the history of the Russian navy.
The last Sunday in July is the Russian Navy Day.
In response to the new changes in epidemic prevention and control, since July 17, trade unions at all levels in Xinjiang have responded to the call of the Autonomous Region Federation of Trade Unions and actively participated in epidemic prevention and control.
Cadres, employees and model workers of the trade union in the north and south of Tianshan went to the streets, communities and residents to carry out activities such as delivery of food and medicine, disinfection and sterilization, and publicity of epidemic prevention knowledge to serve the workers and masses, and demonstrate the "hard core strength" of the trade union with practical actions.
Recently, the condolence group of Urumqi Tianshan District Federation of Trade Unions sent a batch of urgently needed epidemic prevention and control living materials to the staff of 12 isolation points.
After the outbreak of the epidemic, Tianshan District immediately invested more than 1.05 million yuan and allocated it to 23 directly affiliated grass-roots trade unions.
After receiving the company's notice on epidemic prevention and control, Zhao Xiangguo, deputy secretary of the Party Committee and chairman of the labor union of CSCEC Xinjiang Construction Engineering First Construction, took the initiative to ask to stay on duty in the unit to escort the employees.
He sent cooking utensils, food and daily necessities to the employees living in the dormitory of the unit and the newly hired employees, and organized personnel to send them the necessary materials for daily life every two days.
"From July 21, the cadres and employees who stick to the front line of the 'epidemic' will be investigated, and online orders will be placed and merchants will deliver to the door, and 704 front-line workers in Urumqi will be supplemented with purchases of epidemic prevention supplies and daily necessities."
The person in charge of the Xinjiang transportation trade union told reporters that in the face of the sudden epidemic, they have made every effort to ensure the service of epidemic prevention and control, steadily promote the development of transportation, and create a strong atmosphere of fighting the "epidemic" together.
At present, the summer heat is high, and trade unions at all levels are keeping a close eye on front-line workers in key areas of epidemic prevention and control, and implementing the care and care of "cooling off".
On July 19, the Urumqi County Federation of Trade Unions launched a "cooling off" condolence activity to the frontline workers of epidemic prevention and control. Police stations, checkpoints and health systems throughout the county received drinks, fruits and other condolences.
"Trade union cadres should further improve their political standing, strengthen their responsibilities, warm people's hearts with care, and inspire fighting spirit with actions.
It is necessary to give full play to the role of trade unions in consolidating and uniting employees, do a good job in ensuring epidemic prevention and control services, actively safeguard the health rights and interests of employees, and send care to front-line employees."
The official of the regional federation of trade unions said.
Direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers in 2020 is in full swing - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Jia Qilong) The Political Work Department of the Military Commission and the National Defense Mobilization Department of the Military Commission recently jointly issued a notice to deploy the direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers from ordinary college graduates in 2020.
This year, the direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers covers more than 270 military and civilian general majors in 64 categories such as computer, automation, and machinery, focusing on increasing the recruitment of majors such as drones, navigation, aerospace, electronic information, and small languages. The number of recruits increased by nearly 2,000 compared with last year.
This year, the direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers will be organized and implemented simultaneously with the recruitment of conscripts, starting on August 1 and ending on September 30.
Young recruits can check the conditions for direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers and the distribution of recruiting specialties through the national recruitment website (website: http://www.gfbzb.gov.cn), submit registration information online if they meet the professional scope and recruiting conditions, and participate in the follow-up recruitment work such as physical examination and political assessment according to the unified requirements of the military service organs.
Qualified young people who cannot be recruited as non-commissioned officers due to recruitment majors and program restrictions can participate in the recruitment of compulsory military service. When they are selected as non-commissioned officers at the end of their compulsory military service, the number of years they have studied in ordinary colleges and universities according to the prescribed school system is regarded as their service time.
This year, the recruitment of non-commissioned officers will be organized by the conscription office of the people's government at the provincial or prefecture level. Majors with rich application potential will be selected based on comprehensive evaluation of the applicant's academic level, professional course scores during school, and vocational qualification certificates. Scarce majors will be recruited by local institutions that meet the professional requirements and have recruitment advantages.
According to the requirements of normalized prevention and control of the epidemic, this year's direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers will not arrange for self-reporting in principle, and will be organized and operated simultaneously with conscripts.
The time for direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers will be calculated from September 1, 2020, and the time for the troops to issue an order for non-commissioned officers is December 1, 2020.
The unit receiving troops will scientifically formulate enlistment and professional training plans, and carefully organize the training; after the training is completed, the recruited non-commissioned officers will be uniformly and accurately assigned to the corresponding professional and technical positions in accordance with the principle of professional counterparts and uniform recruitment.
Spokesperson of the Chinese Embassy in the UK: The Chinese government is a firm defender of cybersecurity-Chinanews
China News Service, July 26 (Xinhua) According to the website of the Chinese Embassy in the United Kingdom, on the 25th, a spokesperson of the Chinese Embassy in the United Kingdom answered a reporter's question on the wrong statement about cyber attacks.
The spokesman stressed that the Chinese government is a firm defender of cybersecurity and has always firmly opposed and cracked down on any form of cyberattacks and cybercrimes.
A reporter asked: According to media reports, China-related hacking groups have interfered with a British company's network system, launched attacks on British and American technology companies with proprietary data, and hacked into EU government networks.
The spokesman said that the Chinese government is a firm defender of cybersecurity and has always firmly opposed and cracked down on any form of cyberattacks and cybercrimes.
Cyberspace is highly virtual, difficult to trace, and diverse in actors. When investigating and characterizing cyber incidents, sufficient evidence should be produced, and unwarranted speculation should not be allowed.
The spokesman said that a series of incidents such as the "Prism Gate" in the past proved that the United States has been conducting the world's largest cyber theft operation.
Maintaining peace and stability in cyberspace is in the common interest of all countries.
The spokesman pointed out that China's achievements in scientific and technological innovation were not stolen or robbed, but were obtained through self-reliance and hard work.
In 2019, China submitted about 59,000 patent applications through the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT), with an annual growth rate of 10.6%, becoming the country with the largest number of international patent applications.
China has become an innovation and intellectual property powerhouse.
According to data from the Urumqi Central Sub-branch of the People's Bank of China, in the first half of the year, new loans to agriculture-related and small and micro enterprises in Xinjiang exceeded the annual increase in 2019.
In the first half of this year, the central sub-branch of the People's Bank of China in Urumqi used a variety of monetary policy tools to guide the banking industry to continuously increase loan issuance, providing sufficient financial support for epidemic prevention and control and resumption of work and production.
Most areas of Urumqi's free nucleic acid testing have been basically completed, and secondary testing is carried out in high-risk areas-Chinanews
China News Service, Urumqi, July 26 (Reporter Sun Tingwen Zhao Yamin) Zhang Wei, director of the Urumqi Municipal Health and Health Commission, said on the 26th that when he reported the latest epidemic situation and nucleic acid testing in Urumqi, most districts in Urumqi have basically completed free nucleic acid testing.
The State Council expert group and experts from the autonomous region and Urumqi are making further assessments of the development of the epidemic based on the results of nucleic acid testing and epidemiological investigations.
The Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region Information Office held a press conference on the 26th to report on the epidemic situation and prevention and control in Xinjiang.
According to him, from 00:00 to 24:00 on July 25, 22 new confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia were added in Urumqi (of which 5 were converted from asymptomatic infections), and 38 new asymptomatic infections were added.
As of 24:00 on July 25, Urumqi had 135 confirmed cases and 147 asymptomatic infections.
The newly added asymptomatic infections on the 25th were basically obtained through free nucleic acid testing and active screening in the city.
Zhang Wei, director of the Urumqi Municipal Health Commission, said on the 26th that the free nucleic acid testing work in most areas of Urumqi City has been basically completed.
He also said that from the experience of other parts of the country, there are many factors that affect the results of nucleic acid testing, such as the sensitivity of the detection reagent, the time of infection and detoxification of the tested person, the cooperation of the tested person when the specimen is taken (poor cooperation may lead to the specimen not being taken in place), the testing environment, and the operational proficiency of the inspectors.
Nucleic acid tests can also produce false negative results for various reasons.
The so-called false negative means that the tested person is indeed infected, but the nucleic acid test result is negative.
In addition, for those who have been in close contact with confirmed or suspected cases, two nucleic acid tests are usually required to be excluded.
For people who have been to high-risk areas of the epidemic, if they have fever and respiratory symptoms, a negative nucleic acid test may be false negative, so two nucleic acid tests are also required to rule out.
He said that in view of the above situation, for the health of the people of all ethnic groups in the city, starting from today, Urumqi will conduct a second free nucleic acid test in key areas such as Tianshan District and Shayibake District, and carry out "checking for omissions and leaks" at the same time.
It is reported that Tianshan District and Shayibak District are high-risk areas for the epidemic.
Offline streamlining "cloud" warm, Shanghai International Film Festival reveals unusual industry confidence-Chinanews
2020-07-26 06:52:39 Source: Wen Wei Po Author: Wang Sishuo Responsible Editor: Wang Sishuo
Offline streamlining and "on the cloud" are enthusiastic, and the Shanghai International Film Festival reveals unusual industry confidence
News from this newspaper (Chief Correspondent Wang Yan) Yesterday, the 2020 Shanghai International Film and Television Festival, held against the background of strict epidemic prevention measures, kicked off the 23rd Shanghai International Film Festival with an industry summit forum of "all-round prosperity and a new era of dreams".
As the first international film and television festival held since the continuous spread of the global epidemic and the normalization of epidemic prevention and control in China, this year's Shanghai International Film Festival is of great significance.
On the basis of the normalization of epidemic prevention and control, holding the Shanghai International Film and Television Festival is not only a declaration of confidence, but also a declaration of determination - our confidence and determination to overcome the epidemic will not change, our confidence and determination to run a people's festival will not change, and our confidence and determination to build a global film and television production center and launch the "Shanghai Culture" brand will not change.
Every year, the Shanghai International Film Festival, with the attitude of continuous innovation and continuous improvement, is a new start and a new start.
Therefore, it is necessary to take every step well to serve the spiritual life of the people and to serve the high-quality development of the film and television industry.
Even more so this year.
In order to cherish the hard-won situation of epidemic prevention and control, on the one hand, the Shanghai International Film Festival strictly adheres to the epidemic prevention requirements and implements the epidemic prevention and control measures in detail; on the other hand, with the vision of gathering wisdom for Chinese film creation and satisfying the viewing needs of movie fans, the Shanghai International Film Festival has launched online and offline multi-sector activities.
On the first day of the opening, from offline viewing to industry forums, the film festival-related activities strictly implemented the relevant epidemic prevention policies.
Forum activities are controlled within 50 people, and each movie viewing is separated by rows and seats, and the attendance rate is strictly controlled within 30%.
As the film festival organizing committee upholds, in any case, "putting people's life safety and physical health first" is a major premise.
Offline activities have been greatly streamlined, and “on the cloud” has become a lot more lively.
In order to implement the important concept of "people's cities are built by the people, people's cities are for the people", as a festival for the people, this year's Shanghai International Film Festival plans to innovate and transform, and uses measures such as online "cloud screening" and master class "cloud sharing" to meet the diverse needs of movie fans.
On the first day of the opening day, the official partners of the film festival, Migu Video and Oriental Pearl TV, respectively, put a number of "Belt and Road" films "on the cloud" to give back to fans.
That night, the opening forum of Jinjue and the master class of Jia Zhangke were also launched on multiple platforms such as CCTV, Learning Power, Wenhui App, etc., so that people can pay attention to the latest trends in Chinese films without leaving home.
At the opening forum yesterday, Yan Xiaoming, member of the Party Group and Deputy Director of the Central Radio and Television Station, delivered a speech and announced the opening of the film festival. Zhou Huilin, member of the Standing Committee of the Shanghai Municipal Party Committee and Minister of the Propaganda Department, delivered a speech, and Vice Mayor Zong Ming attended.
White House epidemic expert Fauci: cautiously optimistic about vaccine development in early 2021
Fauci made the above remarks at an online video conference hosted by the International Leadership Foundation on the 25th.
He reminded that it is not clear how the new crown epidemic will develop in the autumn and winter, nor what the ultimate impact of the epidemic will be, "and the only way to end this is for each of us to choose to be part of the solution."
According to data from Johns Hopkins University in the United States, as of 21:00 on the 25th, the number of confirmed cases of the new crown in the United States has reached 4.176 million, with 146,000 deaths.
Fauci said that some parts of the United States are currently struggling with the rebound of the epidemic.
Although the epidemic situation varies from place to place and requires a response plan tailored to local conditions, diversified anti-epidemic strategies do not mean that there are no close links between regions.
An outbreak in one region will eventually affect other regions.
"This is not the time for complacency," Fauci said. "Our work is not done, we must step up, and we must remain vigilant about the uncertainty of the future."
He Dayi, a Chinese-American medical expert and founder of the "cocktail therapy" to treat AIDS, pointed out at the meeting that the new crown epidemic in the United States has not yet reached its peak.
"Each of us must do our part to slow the spread of this virus."
He Dayi called on the public to use their own practical actions to buy time for scientists to accelerate the development of new crown treatment drugs and vaccines.
The International Leadership Foundation is a non-profit organization with the purpose of promoting international exchange activities in the United States and the Asia-Pacific region. It is committed to improving the status of Asian-Pacific Americans in the United States and cultivating young international leaders.
On the same day, US Secretary of Transportation Chao Xiaolan, US Congressman Meng Zhaowen, and Founding President of the International Leadership Foundation Dong Jiling delivered speeches at the meeting.
They paid special tribute to the Asian Pacific American medical workers and volunteers fighting the epidemic on the front line, and called on the American public to continue to adhere to epidemic prevention guidelines such as "social distancing" to curb the spread of the epidemic.
Dalian: No new local confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia, 24 new asymptomatic infections - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Dalian, July 25 (Reporters Cai Yongjun and Cui Shihao) The city of Dalian announced on the 25th that from 15:00 on July 24 to 14:00 on July 25, Dalian had no new local confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia, 24 new asymptomatic infections, and no new suspected cases.
From 14:00 on July 22 to 25, a total of 12 local confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia were reported in the city, all of which were centrally isolated and treated at the Sixth People's Hospital of Dalian.
Zhao Lian, deputy director of the Dalian Municipal Health and Health Commission, said that according to the epidemic situation, Dalian organized medical staff from tertiary hospitals in the city to station in the streets and communities, and set up more than 600 sampling points in Dalian Bay, workers' villages, along the light rail and some key areas in the Jinpu New District, and made every effort to promote the nucleic acid screening of personnel. Nearly 2,000 medical staff were dispatched to conduct nucleic acid testing and sampling every day.
As of 14:00 on July 25, more than 210,000 people have been sampled in the city.
Among the 12 confirmed cases in Dalian, 10 are employees of Dalian Kaiyang World Seafood Co., Ltd.; 46 of the 54 asymptomatic infections are employees of the company and their relatives and family members; among all the positive cases of nucleic acid test, the employees of the company and their relatives account for 85%.
After research and judgment, the city of Dalian has decided to strengthen strict control on close contacts of all employees of Dalian Kaiyang World Seafood Co., Ltd. and close contacts of close contacts, and implement centralized isolation medical observation on the 14th and at least two nucleic acid tests.
At the same time, Dalian City decided to further expand the scope of centralized isolation medical observation personnel, and implement 14-day centralized isolation medical observation and at least two nucleic acid tests for close contacts of people who have tested positive for nucleic acid (including cases and asymptomatic infections) and close contacts of close contacts.
Dalian Airport and Dalian Railway Station issued notices on the 25th. In principle, the city's personnel will implement non-essential stays. Those who really need to leave the company must present a negative nucleic acid test certificate within 7 days; Dalian Bus Terminal will suspend ticket sales on all lines in the city from 12:00 on the 25th, and the specific recovery time will be notified separately.
Brazilian study shows that hydroxychloroquine is ineffective in treating mild to moderate new coronary pneumonia - Xinhua English.news.cn
Recently, a Brazilian study showed that hydroxychloroquine was ineffective in patients with mild to moderate new coronary pneumonia.
The study was published in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Pakistani researchers divided 667 patients from 55 hospitals across the country into three groups and conducted clinical trials; mainly compared the treatment effect of hydroxychloroquine alone or in combination with other antibiotics azithromycin, and analyzed whether it helped to improve the condition of mild and moderate patients with new coronary pneumonia.
The results show that hydroxychloroquine not only has no therapeutic effect, but may cause damaging side effects to organs.
The study was carried out by a number of leading Brazilian hospitals such as the Hospital Israelita Albert Einstein, the Heart Hospital (HCor), the Syrian Lebanese Hospital (Hospital Sírio-Libanês), etc., in conjunction with the Brazilian Clinical Research Institute (BCRI) and the Brazilian Intensive Care Research Network (BRICNet).
On the 25th local time, Brazilian President Bolsonaro announced through a social platform that the fourth nucleic acid test result was negative.
During the infection, Bolsonaro has been taking hydroxychloroquine and has been actively promoting it many times.
Headquarters reporter Zhao Yijun
Four departments launch a new round of app governance to protect personal information security - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 25 (Reporters Yu Junjie and Chen Aiping) Reporters learned from the National Cyberspace Affairs Office on the 25th that the 2020 App's illegal collection and use of personal information governance work was officially launched recently, focusing on cracking down on the private upload of personal information in the background of the app and other issues that have been strongly reflected by the masses.
It is reported that this round of app governance work is jointly carried out by the National Cyberspace Affairs Office, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Ministry of Public Security, and the State Administration for Market Regulation.
According to reports, the special governance working group composed of four departments accepted more than 12,000 effective reports from netizens last year, conducted verifications on more than 2,300 apps, and adopted punishment measures such as public exposure, interviews, and removal of 260 apps with large user scale and prominent problems.
According to the relevant person in charge of the State Cyberspace Administration of China, the current number of apps has exceeded 5 million, and the problem of illegal collection and use of personal information has not been fundamentally resolved.
In 2020, the governance work will be further strengthened, and on the basis of App verification, the governance scope will be further expanded to SDK (Software Development Kit) and Mini Programs.
It is reported that the working group will conduct special research and in-depth detection on issues such as the irregular collection and use of personal biometric information and the abuse of sensitive permissions by apps, focusing on the abuse of background permissions such as recording and taking photos.
According to the circumstances of the problem and the severity of the consequences, the working group will impose penalties such as interviews, warnings, removals, and fines in accordance with laws and regulations, forming an effective deterrent to violations of laws and regulations.
It is understood that the working group plans to formulate and issue guidelines for the review and management of app stores for the behavior of collecting and using personal information, to guide and urge app stores to do a good job in pre-launch review of apps, and to strictly control the entrance.
In addition, the working group will also release free technical tools to guide small and medium-sized enterprises to conduct self-assessment and evaluation, and improve the legal compliance of small and medium-sized enterprises' personal information collection and use activities.
Johns Hopkins University: More than 16 million new crowns diagnosed worldwide - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, New York, July 26th. According to the statistics of the new crown epidemic released by Johns Hopkins University on the 26th, as of 2:40 ET on the 26th (14:40 Beijing time), the cumulative number of confirmed cases of the new crown in the world reached 16048,100, and the cumulative death was 644,537.
The data shows that the United States is the country with the worst epidemic situation in the world, with a total of 4178,027 confirmed cases and a total of 146,460 deaths.
Brazil has a total of 2,394,513 confirmed cases and a total of 86,449 deaths, both of which are second only to the United States.
In addition, the countries with more than 300,000 confirmed cases are India, Russia, South Africa, Mexico, Peru, Chile and the United Kingdom.
On the 25th, the 2020 Hunan Red Tourism Culture Festival and the first Xiangtan Red Culture Industry Expo kicked off in Shaoshan.
In recent years, the demand for red tourism has gradually increased.
However, the development of the red tourism industry also faces the dilemma of a small number of young people, homogenization of tourism projects, and single commercialization channels.
Especially this year's outbreak, the country's cultural tourism industry has been severely frustrated, and red tourist attractions are also facing severe challenges.
For example, the use of drone shooting, VR immersive experience and other scientific and technological means can meet the tourist needs of "no one arrives, the scene has arrived"; the introduction of online live broadcasting means to promote the famous specialties of red scenic spots can directly improve the economic benefits of red tourism; the introduction of "cloud" technology to create boutique displays with prominent themes, clear guidance and rich connotation, fully display and enhance the publicity and education functions of red scenic spots;
This cultural festival uses the popular "county and city (district) chief   professional anchors special promotion" method to promote red cultural tourism specialties, and uses 5G technology to provide services such as real-time viewing and smart city demonstrations to promote red cultural tourism attractions. It is an effort to add smart wings to red tourism. It is expected that red tourism in Hunan will become more and more prosperous.
U.S.-China trade negotiators to meet in August
Hong Kong's "South China Morning Post" quoted an anonymous person familiar with the matter as saying on the 25th that China's trade negotiating team leader, Vice Premier Liu He, and the US team's co-leader and trade representative Lai Haizhe are expected to hold formal talks in August to assess the two sides' implementation of the China-US Phase 1 trade agreement.
The report said that while China has significantly increased its purchases of U.S. agricultural products in the past few months, due to factors such as the new crown virus epidemic, China's purchases are still some distance away from the amount promised in the trade agreement.
Analysts say the recent closure of each other's consulates by the U.S. and China, along with other disputes, could derail any progress the two sides make on trade.
The first phase of the China-US trade agreement came into effect one month after it was signed on January 15. The agreement stipulates that the trade framework group composed of high-level leaders of the two sides should meet every six months.
The meeting will be "an important turning point" for both sides to assess the progress of the agreement, the people said.
But the person also said that if tensions between the United States and China lead to a lack of willingness to talk at this time, the two sides may agree that the May 8 conference call between Lai Haizhe and Liu He has met the terms of the trade agreement for semi-annual talks.
Since the beginning of this year, Sino-US relations have deteriorated rapidly. The disputes between the two sides include a series of issues such as the origin of the new crown virus, trade, Hong Kong, Xinjiang, the South China Sea and ideology.
U.S. President Donald Trump boasted about his achievements in the phase one deal at the beginning of the year, but his attitude has changed recently.
He said at a White House press conference on the 23rd that although China has recently purchased a record amount of US corn in a single day and bought a lot of soybeans, "this trade deal means less to me now than it did when it was reached."
An anonymous Beijing government adviser also believes that a new round of trade negotiations is unlikely due to poor US-China relations, and that "trade issues have lost weight in Sino-US relations."
However, he revealed that relevant Chinese economic and trade units still met on the 23rd to discuss a series of issues, including how to increase imports from the United States. "We have already bought as much as we can, so any additional purchases will be difficult."
Kening Peng, vice president of the U.S.-China Business Council, said it was “more important than ever” to maintain the momentum of the Phase 1 agreement, noting that China has made progress this year in further opening its financial markets to U.S. companies.
"It's better to talk about it than not to talk, although it may just be treated as a matter of routine," said analysts at independent research firm Plenum.
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Wei Yukun) The reporter learned from the Emergency Management Department on the 26th that the National Defense Office and the Emergency Management Department, together with the National Grain and Material Reserve Bureau, once again urgently transported 1.35 million woven bags, 1.2 million square meters of woven fabrics, and 130,000 square meters of geotextiles to Anhui.
According to the relevant person in charge of the Emergency Management Department, at present, the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River and the Huaihe River Basin maintain high water level fluctuations, and the "No.
The meteorological department predicts that there will be heavy rainfall in Chongqing, Guizhou, and the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River in the next three days, and the flood control situation is still grim and complicated.
According to reports, since the beginning of the flood, the Ministry of Emergency Management has deployed a national comprehensive fire rescue team to pre-position professional rescue forces in key flood control areas, participated in 10,364 flood rescue rescues, dispatched more than 130,000 commanders, 17,778 fire trucks, and 11,887 boats, rescued 37,777 trapped people in distress, and evacuated more than 107,000 trapped people.
Hao Yusheng, Chief Representative of Nasdaq China: Now is the best time for Chinese companies to IPO in the United States-Economic Observation-Professional Financial News Website
Economic Observer reporter Zhang Bin: Because of the Ruixing Coffee counterfeiting incident, the U.S. market has imposed stricter supervision on Chinese stocks. In addition to the long-term pressure on valuations, Chinese stocks listed in the United States are under pressure. NetEase, JD.com and other Chinese stocks have recently started their journey back to Hong Kong.
Recently, companies such as Shell and Ideal Auto have been enthusiastic about going public in the United States.
Under the epidemic situation and the Chinese stock market crisis, is now the best time for Chinese companies to go public in the United States?
"In terms of recent IPO cases and the situation of companies going to the United States to list in the future, IPOs in the United States have not been affected in essence. Instead, the market is very good now, and even this time point is the best time for Chinese companies to go to the United States for IPOs in the past 10 years."
Hao Yusheng, chief representative of the Nasdaq Stock Exchange in China, said at the "2020 Listed Company Leaders Summit China Stocks Branch" hosted by Snowball.
In April, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) released the Statement on Audit Quality and the Critical Role of Regulatory Access to Audit and Other International Information – A Discussion on Current Information Access Challenges for U.S. Public Companies with Substantial Operations in China.
The statement said that although international cooperation and coordination have increased significantly in recent years, the US regulatory authorities still have problems in obtaining information, and the SEC and PCAOB still face legal and practical challenges. Corresponding to the document, the PCAOB website lists in detail the list of listed companies and their auditors that have encountered audit obstacles, and a large number of Chinese companies are listed.
In addition, in May this year, the U.S. Senate passed the Foreign Companies Accountability Act, which puts forward additional disclosure requirements for foreign companies listed in the United States.
In Hao Yusheng's view, the crisis of China concept stocks has not affected the appetite of investors.
"When the news first came out, everyone panicked. Everyone was asking if they could go public in the United States in the future, but later we found that these questions are not a problem for investors. Investors may ask these questions during the recent IPO roadshow in the United States, and even become standardized questions, but this has not been regarded by investors as an important factor in whether to invest in a Chinese company.
We recommend that you look at the current situation as calmly as possible.
Of course, this time may seem like the worst situation in the past two years, but in terms of investor appetite, nothing has been affected.
So from now until the end of this year or before the U.S. election, the boom in IPOs in the U.S. will continue.”
On May 9 this year, Kingsoft Cloud was officially listed on the Nasdaq in the United States, becoming the first Chinese company to go IPO in the United States after the epidemic.
"The listing of Kingsoft Cloud gives Chinese companies that are preparing for IPOs a lot of confidence."
Hao Yusheng said.
According to the data report on Chinese stocks in the first half of 2020 released by Snowball, in the first half of this year, a total of 20 Chinese companies went to the U.S. for IPOs, an increase of 17.6% over the same period last year; in terms of the total amount of initial fundraising, the 20 companies raised a total of 2.725 billion yuan, an increase of more than 52.4% compared with the same period last year;
According to Hao Yusheng, Chinese companies that went to the US for IPOs in the first half of this year are of high quality, and high-quality companies with solid fundamentals and growth potential will be more favored by investors.
In the short, medium and long term, Hao Yusheng continues to be optimistic about the IPO of Ming Chinese companies in the United States.
"In the short term, the rush of IPOs in the United States continues; in the medium term, Chinese companies have more choices, A-shares, Hong Kong stocks, and U.S. stocks. Everyone will consider the U.S. election and Sino-U.S. relations as market choices and timing. In the long run, everything will return to normal. Market fluctuations are cycles, both political and economic, and they will eventually return to normal. The stock market has always been volatile."
Hao Yusheng also said, "There are many uncertain factors this year, but for high-quality companies, no matter whether the market is good or bad, as long as they are solid and have the growth potential that investors can see, other factors are relatively secondary. Investors need to invest in excellent Chinese companies."
China News Service, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Gao Kai) On the evening of July 25, the "Dance of Life" of the "Sounds Like Summer Flowers" series of concerts at the National Centre for the Performing Arts was performed simultaneously online and offline as scheduled. Conductor Yang Yang, pianist Zhang Haochen and the NCPA Orchestra performed Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 2 and Symphonic Dances on the same stage.
At the same time, the Taihu Theater of the National Centre for the Performing Arts, located in the sub-center of Beijing, also ushered in its first offline performance since the fight against the epidemic. Conductor Zheng Jian joined hands with the NCPA Chorus to sing the "Taihu Weekly Concert" military song loud and clear - military chorus song concert.
After Beijing's epidemic response level was downgraded, in accordance with the city's epidemic prevention and control requirements and the spirit of the city's relevant department documents, the National Centre for the Performing Arts, in accordance with the principle of "prudent opening up and gradual opening up", will sell a limited number of tickets to the public for the first time for the concert on July 25.
Jin Hui, director of the marketing department of the National Centre for the Performing Arts, said: "This is the first performance project that the National Centre for the Performing Arts has sold tickets to the audience since the epidemic.
In accordance with the relevant requirements of epidemic prevention and control, the real-name sales and admission of "one person, one ticket, one card and one code" will be implemented, and the number of sales will not exceed 30% of the entire seat.
After that, the drama "Looking West to Chang'an", the special planned concert of the August 1st Army Founding Festival, opera and film and other performances and artistic activities will also be sold to the public in limited quantities."
The concert on July 25 also continued to be broadcast live on the classical music channel of the National Centre for the Performing Arts and various online platforms. As of 12 pm on the 25th, the online broadcast of this concert had exceeded 30 million hits.
The concert opened with the long-awaited opening bells of the piano at the beginning of "La Er". This is the first time that the NCPA's "Sounds like Summer Flowers" series of concerts presented the piano concerto to the audience.
With his deep and concise understanding, Zhang Haochen played the first theme of the work full of melancholy and entanglement. Under the conductor of Yang Yang, the orchestra and piano created a continuous listening enjoyment in the undulating competition and compromise.
After experiencing the "quiet water" in the second movement and the "grand carnival" in the third movement, more than a hundred audience members burst into warm applause when they returned to the scene, and the online audience also expressed their sincere admiration in the form of barrage and comments.
Later, Zhang Haochen gave back to the audience with Chopin's posthumous work "Nocturne in C sharp minor".
After a short stage adjustment, Yang Yang conducted the NCPA Orchestra to play the last large-scale orchestral work "Symphonic Dance" composed by Rachmaninov, in which the composer presented a more introspective emotion, and incorporated his new inspirations and memories of his past creations and homeland.
In Yang Yang's calm and composed handling, the melancholy temperament and grand atmosphere of this work are fully revealed, and the orchestra also performed Rachmaninoff's "Last Spark" brilliantly.
The pre-performance and guided tour of this concert once again brought unexpected surprises to the audience.
The anchor of CCTV "News Lianbo" came to the backstage dressing room of the National Center for the Performing Arts, and revealed the "base" of the music masters such as Gergiev and Lang Lang. Then he went to the public space on the first floor of the National Center for the Performing Arts, and held a dialogue with Yang Yang, Zhang Haochen and the NCPA pianist Yu Kuai in front of the three nine-foot pianos with stories. In the end, Gangqiang talked with the audience about the topic of "Fantasy life and maintenance of the music with the audience.
That night, in the Taihu Amphitheatre of the National Center for the Performing Arts, the military song is loud - the military chorus song concert kicked off in the melodious "Don't Forget Your Original Heart".
This is the first performance of the National Center for the Performing Arts "Taihu Week Concert" since the fight against the epidemic.
It is reported that on August 1, conductor Zheng Jian will continue to bring "Warriors and Motherland" with the NCPA Chorus - NCPA Celebrating the August 1st Army Founding Day chorus concert, as an online performance of the "Sounds like Summer Flowers" series, which will be broadcast live through the Internet, paying tribute to the soldiers who defended the motherland in classic songs.
Heilongjiang investigates and punishes 22,000 drunk driving cases in half a year - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Harbin, July 26 (Reporter Liang Shubin) The reporter learned from the Traffic Police Corps of the Heilongjiang Provincial Public Security Department that in the first half of this year, the public security traffic control departments in Heilongjiang Province investigated and dealt with 22,000 cases of drunk driving.
Recently, when the traffic police in Hegang City were on duty at the service station, a driver saw a traffic policeman on duty, dropped his car and ran away.
The police on duty quickly chased after the suspect, Wang Mou, in the warehouse of a villager's house.
The on-site test result of the breath alcohol tester was 28.4mg/100ml. Wang was driving a motor vehicle after drinking alcohol.
The police fined him 2,000 yuan, suspended his motor vehicle driver's license for six months, and imposed an administrative penalty of 12 points on his driver's license at one time.
Since the beginning of this year, the Heilongjiang Provincial Public Security Traffic Management Department has continued to rectify the illegal and criminal acts of drunk driving and drunk driving, and it has become a social consensus that "don't drive when you drink and don't drink when you drive".
But there are still drivers who are lucky and wantonly drunk driving. In the first half of this year, the public security traffic control departments in various places investigated and dealt with 22,000 cases of drunk driving, including 3744 cases of drunk driving.
Chongqing Wulong landslide formed a dammed lake, and more than 500 people were urgently evacuated in the local area - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporters Zhou Wenchong and Ke Gaoyang) Reporters learned from the Wulong District Government of Chongqing City on the 26th that the heavy rain caused a landslide in the local area and formed a barrier lake, and more than 500 people were urgently evacuated.
Affected by the continuous rainfall, since July 22, the soil at the trailing edge of the Zhongtai Formation Zhongbao landslide in Liujing Village, Liujing Village, Wulong District has cracked and suffered large-scale slip deformation, and the landslide body fell into the Cang River, a tributary of the Wujiang River.
On the 25th, there was a heavy rainfall weather process in the local area, and the landslide further expanded, causing the interruption of village roads and completely blocking the Cang River, forming a dammed lake with a water level of 13 meters in front of the dam and a storage capacity of about 420,000 cubic meters.
According to on-site survey and monitoring, the landslide has a volume of about 1.3 million cubic meters and is still in an unstable state. There are sporadic rockfalls. The barrier lake has overflowed dams, and there is a risk of embankment breach, posing a threat to downstream power stations and towns.
After the danger occurred, the local government organized the evacuation of residents along the river overnight, and urgently transferred the people to a safe area.
At present, 162 households and 520 people in the dangerous area have all been evacuated, and the disposal of the barrier lake is still in progress.
Reuters: Alibaba founder Jack Ma summoned by Indian court
The World Wide Web quoted the report as saying that an Indian employee who worked for Alibaba's UC browser sued and said he was fired for objecting to censorship and fake content on the company's app.
The former employee also brought up screenshots as evidence showing Alibaba-owned UC News app publishing fake news about India, especially the headlines.
He also said an app called UC Web censors content containing keywords such as Sino-Indian border and Sino-Indian war.
Court documents show that a civil judge at a district court in the satellite city of Gurugram in New Delhi has issued subpoenas to Alibaba, Jack Ma and more than a dozen individuals or companies to appear in court on July 29 or through lawyers.
Earlier on June 29, India's Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology announced the ban on 59 Chinese applications, including UC News, UC Browser, TikTok, WeChat, and Weibo, citing security concerns.
People's Daily commentator: Concentrate on running your own affairs well and create new advantages for future development - On studying and implementing General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the Entrepreneurs Symposium - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 25th. People's Daily, July 26th, commentator's article: Concentrate on running your own affairs and create new advantages for future development
At present, the global epidemic situation and the world economic situation are still severe and complex, and China's development is facing unprecedented challenges.
It is the key for us to deal with various risks and challenges to maintain strategic determination, enhance the confidence to win, and concentrate on running our own affairs well.
At a recent entrepreneur symposium, General Secretary Xi Jinping emphasized that in the current external environment of rising protectionism, a sluggish world economy, and a shrinking global market, we must concentrate on running our own affairs, give full play to the advantages of the domestic super-large market, and gradually form a new development pattern with the domestic large cycle as the main body and the domestic and international double cycles.
Those who observe the trend are wise, and those who control the trend win.
Under the external environment of the in-depth development of economic globalization, the "two ends of the market" and resources have played an important role in China's rapid development.
Now, the world under the impact of the epidemic is undergoing profound changes, facing more unstable and uncertain factors, and economic globalization is facing headwinds and turning back.
To make mental preparations and work preparations to deal with changes in the external environment for a long time, and to promote China's economy to ride the wind and waves, and move steadily forward. One of the most important aspects is to take expanding and meeting domestic demand as the strategic basis for development, and give full play to its own advantages. By prospering the domestic economy and smoothing the domestic cycle, it will add impetus to China's economic development and drive the recovery of the world economy.
We must deeply realize that building a complete domestic demand system is related to China's long-term development and long-term stability.
The CPC Central Committee has reviewed the situation and clearly put forward the firm implementation of the strategy of expanding domestic demand. This is the need to cope with the impact of the epidemic, the need to maintain the long-term sustainable and healthy development of China's economy, and the need to meet the people's growing better life.
The advantage of a big country's economy is that it is internally recyclable.
China has the world's most complete and largest industrial system, strong production capacity, and complete supporting capabilities. It has more than 100 million market entities and more than 170 million talents with higher education or various professional skills. There is also a super-large domestic demand market formed by a population of 1.4 billion including more than 400 million middle-income groups. It is in the stage of rapid development of new industrialization, informatization, urbanization, and agricultural modernization, with huge investment demand potential.
Public ownership is the mainstay, multiple forms of ownership are developed together, distribution according to work is the mainstay, and multiple distribution methods coexist. The socialist market economy system and other basic socialist economic systems can not only stimulate the vitality of various market players, liberate and develop social productive forces, but also promote the organic unity of efficiency and fairness, and continue to achieve common prosperity.
We must firmly grasp the strategic basis of expanding domestic demand, make production, distribution, and circulation rely more on the domestic market to achieve a virtuous cycle, clarify the strategic direction of supply-side structural reform, and promote a dynamic balance between total supply and total demand at a higher level.
It is necessary to accelerate the construction of a complete domestic demand system, vigorously promote scientific and technological innovation and other aspects of innovation, and accelerate the promotion of strategic emerging industries such as digital economy, intelligent manufacturing, life and health, and new materials, so as to form more new growth points and growth poles, and gradually form a new development pattern with the domestic large-scale cycle as the main body and the domestic and international double-cycle mutual promotion.
Openness brings progress, but closure is bound to lag behind.
General Secretary Xi Jinping has repeatedly stressed that China's door to opening up will not be closed, but will only open wider.
Taking the domestic large-scale circulation as the main body, it is by no means closed door and closed operation, but by giving full play to the potential of domestic demand, the domestic market and the international market will be better connected, and the two domestic and international markets and resources will be better utilized to achieve stronger and more sustainable development.
At the same time, expanding domestic demand and opening up are not contradictory. The smoother the domestic circulation, the more conducive to building a new pattern of opening up, and the more conducive to forming new advantages in international cooperation and competition.
Although the trend of protectionism is rising internationally, we must stand on the right side of history, persist in deepening reform, expand opening-up, strengthen open cooperation in science and technology, promote the construction of an open world economy, and promote the building of a community with a shared future for mankind.
The Chinese nation has experienced many hardships in its history, but it has never been overwhelmed. Instead, it has become more courageous with more setbacks, constantly growing and rising from hardships.
On the way forward, with the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core, the obvious advantages of the socialist system with Chinese characteristics, the strong mobilization ability and solid comprehensive strength, and the unity and struggle of the entire Party, the army and the people of all ethnic groups in the country, we will definitely be able to overcome all difficulties and obstacles, maintain the sound momentum of China's economic and social development, build a moderately prosperous society in all respects, and successfully start a new journey of building a modern socialist country!
Yu'e Bao's income declines "post-90s" but "retaliatory" savings?
With the decline in Yu'e Bao's income, the "post-90s" not only did not escape Yu'e Bao, but began to "revenge" to save money?
According to the "Ye'e Bao Post-90s Saving Money Report" (2020 version) jointly released by the China Institute of New Economics and Alipay, in the first half of the year, "post-90s" are more fond of saving money: the amount of money saved per capita has increased by nearly 40% compared with 2019.
Interestingly, the "post-90s" are more inclined to start saving from a small amount of money, and 60% of them save an average amount of less than 20 yuan per transaction...
Saving money with Yu'ebao has also become a saving habit of "post-90s".
Data show that among the 700 million Yu'ebao users, 134 million are "post-90s".
There are 174 million "post-90s" in China, that is to say, about three out of every four "post-90s" in the country are using Yu'ebao to save money.
At present, the 7-day annualized rate of return of money funds such as Yu'ebao has fallen to about 1.5% from the level above 2% at the beginning of the year.
Even so, it did not affect the pace of "post-90s" saving money.
In the context of the promotion of Yu'e Bao's "saving money effect", many young people who are accustomed to using Yu'e Bao have also directly converted to "Jimmin".
According to Alipay data, as of July 13, the number of new "basic people" on Alipay has more than doubled year-on-year in the past month, and more and more young people have achieved "advanced" financial management on Alipay.
Some analysts believe that the inflow of funds from Yu'e Bao into the stock market is also an important reason for the clear decline in the share of money funds in June.
The report also shows that "post-90s" girls are more inclined to save more money, 20% more than boys; 60% of users who hold funds on the Alipay platform are men, and women tend to choose more stable financial management methods than men.
After saving money, what are the plans for the post-90s generation?
Alipay data shows that "post-90s" have the habit of saving money for their goals, and most users take travel as the goal of saving money.
Affected by the epidemic, many "post-90s" save money to prepare for post-epidemic travel; the reopening of movie theaters also provides a new way to shift from saving money to consumption.
Let the bright party flags fly high on the flood embankment
Recently, affected by continuous rainfall in southern China, the situation of flood control and flood control is very serious, causing disasters in 26 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities) including Guizhou, Sichuan, Hunan, Guangxi, Guangdong and Hubei.
The disaster situation is the order, the disaster area is the battlefield, and the party flag is the battle flag in front of the disaster. Party organizations at all levels, party members and cadres, and people's children and soldiers resolutely implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important instructions on flood control and disaster relief work, and quickly join the front line of flood control and flood relief, becoming the backbone of the people in the disaster area and the new force in the flood fight.
The bright party flag flying high on the flood-fighting embankment is the embodiment of loyalty and the call of duty.
In the face of disasters, a party organization is a fighting fortress, and a party member and cadre is a banner.
On the front line of fighting against floods in various places, party organizations at all levels and the vast number of party members and cadres demonstrate a high degree of loyalty to the party, obey the call of the party central committee, and build unbreakable steel fortresses with the actions of "see me", the pace of "follow me", and the courage of "I'll go first".
The brightly colored party flags fluttering high on the flood-fighting embankment are the defense of the position and the horn of the charge.
In the face of flood disasters, party organizations at all levels acted quickly, sounding the "Charge" to fight the flood, and planted the bright party flag on the flood-fighting embankment. The majority of party members, cadres, and people's children and soldiers stood on the flood-fighting position. With the will and action of "the party flag is in the position" and "the flood will never retreat", it has become the most reassuring and trustworthy solid barrier for the people in the disaster area.
The bright party flag flying high on the flood-fighting embankment is selfless dedication and responsibility.
In times of crisis, the true character of Party members is demonstrated. At the moment when the lives and property of the people are seriously threatened, Party members and cadres, the children of the people, and care for everyone, selflessly contribute and dare to take responsibility. Win the hard battle of flood control, rescue and disaster relief, as the main battlefield and parade ground to comprehensively test their ability, work style and literacy. It is this spirit of selfless dedication and responsibility, which greatly inspires the spirit of flood control and the determination to win the disaster relief.
"People first, life first" is not only tested at ordinary times, but also at critical moments.
On the flood-fighting dyke, the majority of Party members, cadres and the people's children and soldiers should let the people see the bright red party flag, struggle figures, and voices of encouragement everywhere at any time, and use the iron and steel dams that cannot be washed away to add luster to the party flag, and let the bright-colored party flags fly high on the flood-resistant dyke!
APEC member trade ministers meet to accelerate regional economic recovery - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Kuala Lumpur, July 25 (Reporter Lin Hao) The Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) member trade ministers held a video conference on the 25th. The meeting promised to reduce the impact of the new crown epidemic on the regional economy and accelerate the realization of a resilient, sustainable and inclusive regional economic recovery.
The meeting was hosted by Malaysia, the organizer of this year's APEC Informal Leaders' Meeting.
A joint statement issued after the meeting said that APEC member trade ministers recognize the importance of a free, open, fair, non-discriminatory, transparent and predictable trade and investment environment to drive economic recovery at this challenging time.
All parties committed to ensuring that emergency measures taken in response to the outbreak are targeted, appropriate, transparent and temporary, do not create unnecessary trade barriers and disrupt global supply chains, and comply with World Trade Organization rules.
APEC member trade ministers pledged in their statement to strengthen cooperation to facilitate the flow of essential goods and services, promote connectivity by strengthening supply chain resilience, and minimize disruption to the flow of medical supplies, food and agricultural products in response to the outbreak.
APEC trade ministers agreed on the need to discuss how to reduce non-tariff barriers that restrict trade in essential goods, reiterating their commitment to facilitating necessary cross-border movement of people without compromising measures taken to stem the spread of the virus.
The meeting also issued a declaration on promoting the flow of essential commodities.
The declaration said that economies will ensure that the trade measures they take in response to the epidemic are in line with WTO regulations, and pledge to take actions in reducing non-tariff trade barriers, trade promotion, etc. to facilitate the flow of necessary goods under the epidemic.
Azmin Ali, Minister of International Trade and Industry of Malaysia, who chaired the meeting, said that despite the impact of the epidemic, Malaysia is still committed to promoting the success of this year's APEC meeting, and the work of formulating a vision for cooperation after APEC 2020 is progressing in an orderly manner.
Malaysia agreed to hold APEC-related meetings by video, but did not rule out the possibility of arranging physical meetings at the end of the year when APEC leaders meet informally.
A total of 13 people in the Information Department of the Philippine Presidential Office have tested positive - Xinhua English.news.cn
(Fighting against New Coronary Pneumonia) A total of 13 people in the Information Department of the Philippine Presidential Office have tested positive
China News Service, Manila, July 26 (Reporter Guan Xiangdong) The Philippine Presidential Office of Information (PCOO) issued a notice on the 25th that the minister of the department, Martin Andanar, tested negative for the new crown pneumonia on the 24th.
As of the afternoon of the same day, a total of 13 PCOO staff members have tested positive, and three of them have been positive, and one died and two are still receiving treatment.
On the 24th, Andanar and 49 PCOO staff were tested for COVID-19 due to contact with an infected PCOO staff member.
The report released on the 25th showed that 10 of the staff members tested positive.
Marvin Gatpayat, PCOO's undersecretary for administrative and legal affairs, said the ministry's new administrative office building in the Presidential Palace was originally scheduled to resume on the same day that President Duterte delivered his fifth State of the Union address on the 27th.
On the same day, Martin Andanar assured the public that the PCOO will continue to fulfill its duty to the Filipino people, ensuring that important information is provided to the public in a timely manner, while strengthening contact tracing and testing to avoid further spread of the new crown pneumonia virus among PCOO staff, and he prayed for the speedy recovery of staff who tested positive.
The Department of Health of the Philippines announced that 2019 new cases were confirmed in the country on the same day, bringing the total to 78,412, of which 50,763 are still sick, nearly 90% are mild, 9% are asymptomatic, and less than 1% are severe and critical cases.
France increases military investment in space - Xinhua English.news.cn
French Defense Minister Florence Parly said on the 24th that France will increase its space defense budget by hundreds of millions of euros to develop space military forces to prevent "unfriendly actions" by other countries in outer space.
Parly told Provence newspaper on the same day that between 2019 and 2025, the French space military project expenditure budget will increase from the previously proposed 3.6 billion euros (about 4.2 billion U.S. dollars) to 4.3 billion euros (5 billion U.S. dollars).
According to the "French Military Planning Act from 2019 to 2025" approved by the French Parliament in 2018, France is expected to update the existing observation satellites and communication satellites, launch three electromagnetic monitoring satellites, and improve the modernization of space surveillance radars.
French President Emmanuel Macron announced in July last year that a space military command and an "air and space force" would be established within the French Air Force.
Parly said she will formally announce the Space Force when she visits a military academy in Salon, in the Provence region at a later date.
Parley said the Space Force is part of the Air Force and will have 500 personnel by 2025.
"Gone are the old beliefs that space served the common good of science," she said. "Now space is where nations compete for global supremacy."
Parly reiterated Macron's previous statement that the French side had no intention of inciting an arms race.
"We are by no means in an arms race. But it is my duty to fully recognize the threats we may face."
Parley recalled the 2017 surveillance of a military satellite shared by France and Italy.
She said the "peeping" was a Russian satellite.
Russia denies this claim.
France will "soon" have small patrol satellites capable of detecting and targeting "those who are behind those unfriendly moves," Parly said.
French media believe that the reason why France is seeking to establish a space force is that US President Donald Trump asked the US Department of Defense to draft a bill to establish a space force in February last year.
Trump signed the National Defense Authorization Act in December last year, approving the creation of the sixth-largest U.S. military, the Space Force.
Some experts worry that these US moves have accelerated the pace of US space militarization and may trigger a new round of space arms race.
Xinhua News Agency, Hohhot, July 26 (Reporter Jia Lijun) The reporter learned from the Yellow River Haibo Bay Water Conservancy Project Management Bureau that the Haibo Bay Water Conservancy Project has been actively resolving the No. 2 flood of this year in the past few days. As of the afternoon of the 26th, the amount of water coming from the upstream and the amount of water leaving the reservoir were the same, all monitoring data were normal, and the flood was smoothly passing through the Wuhai section of the Yellow River in Inner Mongolia.
In order to cope with the flood process, the Yellow River Haibowan Water Control Project in Wuhai City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region gradually lowered the water level of the reservoir from 00:00 on July 23, and the discharge flow was controlled to be no more than 3,000 cubic meters per second, until the water level in front of the dam dropped to 1071 meters, freeing up flood control storage capacity.
At the same time, the dispatching operation of sand removal was started.
Over the past few days, the Yellow River Haibowan Water Control Management Bureau has paid close attention to the water situation and development and changes in flood seasons 24 hours a day, strengthened reservoir operation and dam safety management, and strengthened inspection and protection of the left and right banks of the reservoir, important parts, especially dangerous sections, to ensure safe flood control.
As of 17:00 on July 26, the inflow flow of Haibo Bay Water Control Project was 2,760 cubic meters per second, the outflow flow was 2,760 cubic meters per second, and the water level in front of the dam was 1071.5 meters.
At present, the hydraulic structures such as the flood discharge sluice dam section, the earth-rock dam section and the tailwater slope are normal, and various monitoring data fluctuate within the normal range. The No. 2 flood of the Yellow River this year is smoothly passing through the Wuhai section of Inner Mongolia.
Jiangxi's finance issued an emergency fund of 280 million yuan to support post-disaster relief and reconstruction in various places-Chinanews
On July 24, in Hukou County, Jiujiang City, Jiangxi Province, officers and soldiers of a certain unit of the 71st Group Army of the Chinese People's Liberation Army, who were assisting the local flood fighting, took advantage of the spare time to help a vegetable planting cooperative in Hukou County grab peppers.
Affected by the previous heavy rainfall, hundreds of mu of red peppers planted by the cooperative were seriously affected, and the losses would increase if they were not picked in time.
Photo by China News Agency reporter Tomita
China News Service, Nanchang, July 26 (Yuan Rujing) The Jiangxi Provincial Department of Finance reported on the 26th that according to the work deployment and requirements of the Jiangxi Provincial Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters, the province's finance emergency issued a central and provincial disaster relief funds of 280 million yuan to provide financial guarantee for flood control and rescue and relief work for the disaster-stricken people.
Since July, the flood season in Jiangxi has been escalating.
Flood disasters have caused direct economic losses of 10.07 billion yuan in agriculture and rural areas in the province, and the affected area is 13.169 million mu.
On July 17 and July 22, Jiangxi Provincial Finance successively issued a central disaster relief fund of 60 million yuan and 200 million yuan.
At the same time, according to the changes of the disaster situation, 20.3 million yuan of provincial disaster relief funds were issued in three consecutive batches from the province's emergency management special funds to support post-disaster relief and recovery and reconstruction.
The relevant person in charge of the Jiangxi Provincial Department of Finance said on the 26th that before the arrival of the flood season, 173 million yuan of various disaster prevention and mitigation funds had been issued to ensure early detection, early disposal and early resolution of risk prevention, and provide financial support for flood relief work.
At present, the water level of the Jiangxi section of the Yangtze River and Poyang Lake, the largest freshwater lake in China, is at a high level and slowly retreats.
At 18:00 on the 24th, the Jiangxi Provincial Prevention and Control Index lowered the flood control emergency response to level II; the provincial disaster relief emergency response level was adjusted from level II to level III.
Various work such as disaster assessment and post-disaster recovery and reconstruction will continue.
China News Service, Kunming, July 25 (Du Xiaoxiao) The reporter learned from the Yunnan Provincial Department of Finance on the 25th that recently, the Yunnan Provincial Finance has strengthened fundraising, and issued a total of 2 billion yuan (RMB, the same below) as a provincial award fund for 20 "beautiful counties" named by the Yunnan Provincial People's Government, and each "beautiful county" has received 100 million yuan in funding support.
On February 26, 2019, the People's Government of Yunnan Province issued the "Guiding Opinions on the Construction of "Beautiful County", which clarified that Yunnan will build a group of "beautiful counties" with distinctive features, perfect functions, beautiful ecology, and livability and work in the province through three years of efforts.
At present, Yunnan has announced 20 "beautiful counties" including Tengchong City, Shangri-La City, Ruili City, Weishan Yi and Hui Autonomous County, Ximeng Wa Autonomous County, and Pingbian Miao Autonomous County.
It is reported that this provincial award and subsidy fund focuses on the three major objectives of "beautiful county town" construction, "clean, livable and distinctive", and is mainly used for public and public welfare projects. It supports accelerating the completion of shortcomings and high-standard and high-quality construction, and earnestly promotes "beautiful county town" as a popular project and a people's livelihood project.
The Yunnan Provincial Department of Finance will work with the Yunnan Provincial Development and Reform Commission to strengthen the supervision of provincial awards and subsidies, guide and urge all localities to take effective and effective measures, speed up budget implementation, convert funds into "beautiful county" construction results in a timely manner, strengthen performance operation monitoring, and improve the efficiency and effectiveness of fund use.
On July 26, local time, Estonian National Radio and Television reported that a Mercedes-Benz with Estonian license plates drove off the driveway in the early morning of the 26th near Berlin Zoo in Germany, injuring seven people.
A rescue helicopter arrived for rescue.
The driver of the car who drove into the crowd was detained by the police.
German authorities said an investigation had been launched and there was no indication that the incident was politically or religiously motivated.
Shortly thereafter, police reported that the 24-year-old driver lost control of the vehicle while making a left turn and was likely speeding.
The person has been arrested and criminal charges have been filed.
Alexander Linde, chief operating officer of the Estonian Police and Border Service, said German police had contacted the Estonian Police and Border Service.
"I confirm what has been said in the news that there is no reason to suspect that the incident was terrorism, or that it was politically or religiously motivated," Lind said.
Shaanxi: Solve the difficult problem of post-relocation assistance to avoid the masses from "running at both ends" - Chinanews.com
Shaanxi: Solving the problem of post-relocation assistance to avoid the masses from "running at both ends"
CCTV News: In response to the follow-up problems encountered by the relocated people in integrating into the local life, Langao County, Ankang, Shaanxi Province innovated to build a "good-neighborhood home" according to the local reality, and guided the relocated villagers to transform into citizens, so as to achieve stability, quick integration, and prosperity.
Langao County is located in the Qinba Mountains. Nearly one-third of the local population has moved out of the mountains through immigration.
Chai Changjiang, 39, moved from Zhongwu Village, Yanmen Town, Langao County to Mingzhu Community, Minzhu Town.
He came to the "Good Neighborhood Home" where the community is located with his pension insurance card, and completed this year's pension insurance in less than two minutes.
At the beginning of this year, Langao County incorporated employment, civil affairs, medical insurance and other businesses into its management by building a "good-neighborly home", so that the relocated people can handle business at their doorstep.
In the Pearl Community, 305 residents entered the local community factory through the "Good Neighborhood Home" recruitment information.
At present, 31 centralized resettlement sites with more than 100 households in Langao County have achieved full coverage of community factories, which can provide 2,598 jobs.
Shared accommodation market has picked up since March, report says - Xinhua English.news.cn
Report from this newspaper (reporter Yang Zhaokui) The "China Shared Accommodation Development Report 2020" (hereinafter referred to as the "Report") recently released by the Sharing Economy Research Center of the National Information Center shows that due to the impact of the epidemic, the transaction volume of China's shared accommodation market decreased by 72.1% year-on-year in the first five months of 2020.
However, the shared accommodation market has been picking up since March, and the market transaction volume, order volume and number of receptions have gradually recovered.
The "Report" shows that the transaction volume of the shared accommodation market has dropped sharply. On the one hand, due to the sharp decline in the demand for travel accommodation under the epidemic prevention and control, the number of orders has dropped sharply. The total number of orders in the first five months dropped by 65% year-on-year, and the number of receptions dropped by 63% year-on-year. On the other hand, the weak demand also led to a relatively obvious decline in room night prices, with the average room night price in the first five months down 16% year-on-year.
However, in March, April and May, the market transaction volume increased by 78%, 199% and 35% respectively; the number of orders increased by 141%, 152% and 50% respectively; the number of receptions increased by 81%, 112% and 28% respectively.
The "Report" pointed out that the development of the shared accommodation industry is optimistic in the long run, but there are still many uncertainties in the near future.
In this regard, Yu Fengxia, deputy director of the Sharing Economy Research Center of the State Information Center, told the Worker's Daily reporter that the development of shared accommodation requires stronger policy support. On the one hand, it is necessary to do a good job in the implementation of the policies that have been issued in the early stage, further strengthen policy publicity, and focus on creating a better business environment. On the other hand, it is necessary to further increase policy guidance and support from various aspects such as stimulating consumer demand, enriching the supply of tourism and accommodation services, innovating service methods, and strengthening the cooperation between the government and platform companies.
According to Reuters, the world's largest steel maker ArcelorMittal has a new crown epidemic at a factory in Lazaro Cardenas, Mexico, so far 21 people have died.
Solorio, secretary of the local branch of the Mexican Mining and Metallurgical Workers Union, said the dead included factory employees, contractors and suppliers.
Solorio said 21 people have died at the plant since April, nine of them union members.
Workers may have contracted the virus outside the factory due to strict hygiene measures in place at the factory.
The plant employs more than 7,000 people, according to the union.
As of July 25, Mexico has more than 385,000 confirmed cases and more than 40,000 deaths, making Mexico the country with the fourth highest number of deaths from new crowns in the world.
China News Service, Xiamen, July 26 (Yang Fushan, Zhang Shushan, Xu Jingyi) China's famous vascular surgery center, the Department of Vascular Surgery of Shanghai Changhai Hospital of Naval Military Medical University, signed a contract with the Department of Vascular Surgery of Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University on the 25th to jointly establish a collaboration center to promote exchanges and cooperation between the two sides in the field of vascular surgery, especially in the field of acute aortic disease.
Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University said that after the vascular surgery departments of the two hospitals have formally formed a cooperative unit, they will conduct remote consultations, develop real-time online consultations with Changhai Hospital to formulate treatment plans, select talents for further training, and jointly conduct surgical technology exchanges and teaching ward rounds every week. For complex cases, experts from Changhai can be invited to perform surgery according to patient needs, so that patients in southwestern Fujian can enjoy top domestic medical resources without leaving the province.
The two hospitals will also work together to carry out surgical innovation scientific research, aortic disease popularization and early screening, etc.
A special seminar on the aorta sponsored by the Beijing Health Promotion Association and undertaken by the Zhongshan Hospital of Xiamen University was held in Xiamen on the same day.
The above two well-known hospitals in Shanghai and Xiamen held a signing ceremony for the Collaborative Center for Vascular Surgery at the same time, announcing the formation of a collaborative unit to jointly improve the treatment of vascular surgery-related diseases in southwestern Fujian.
The Vascular Surgery Department of Shanghai Changhai Hospital is the only vascular surgery institute in the whole army and the only clinical medical center for vascular system diseases in Shanghai. It is also the first national key discipline of vascular surgery. It took the lead in establishing the Endovascular Angiology Professional Committee of the Chinese Medical Doctor Association, which is a top team with deep accumulation in the industry.
Professor Huang Xiaojin, Director of Vascular Surgery at Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University, was interviewed by the media.
The Department of Vascular Surgery of Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University is the first independent discipline in Fujian Province. It has long been committed to the diagnosis and treatment of aortic and peripheral vascular diseases. In 2018, it was approved to establish a provincial key clinical specialty.
In the treatment of aortic diseases, in addition to the treatment of dissecting aneurysms and aortic aneurysms, he has extensive experience in emergency ruptured aortic aneurysms.
"The Vascular Surgery Department of Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University is outstanding in this region in terms of the history of development, the breadth, difficulty, and complexity of operations. Therefore, we have established a collaboration center this time. In addition to the aorta, we can also carry out in-depth cooperation in medicine, teaching and scientific research in the diagnosis and treatment of lower extremity arteries, carotid arteries and other diseases."
Professor Feng Rui, Deputy Director of Vascular Surgery at Shanghai Changhai Hospital, said.
Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University and Shanghai Changhai Hospital signed a contract to establish the "Li Zhaoshen Famous Doctor Studio" of Gastroenterology in 2018.
Professor Huang Xiaojin, director of the Department of Vascular Surgery of the hospital, said in an interview with a reporter from Chinanews.com that the Department of Vascular Surgery of the hospital has a long history of exchanges with Changhai Hospital. The two hospitals have formally formed a cooperative unit, bringing the cooperation and exchanges between the two parties to a new level.
He said that the hospital will regularly invite Shanghai experts to come to Xiamen to carry out surgical technology exchanges, teaching ward rounds, and discussion of difficult cases. At the same time, it will further conduct remote consultations. At present, it plans to conduct remote consultations once a week. In addition, the department will also send personnel for further training and exchange to strengthen the training and development of the subject talent team.
The reporter learned at the meeting that vascular disease is the leading cause of death in China. As the main artery of various organs in the human body, the aorta plays an important role in flowing from the heart to the whole body.
The occurrence of aortic disease is often accompanied by high risk, high mortality and high difficulty in treatment. The thickest section of the aorta has a diameter of 4 cm. Once a hemangioma is formed, rupture occurs, or dissection of the vascular intima ruptures, which will cause massive hemorrhage and is very dangerous.
In recent years, with the change of people's lifestyle and the accelerated pace of life, China has become the world's largest country with high blood pressure, and aortic diseases have also increased. Nowadays, with the development of surgical techniques and industrial materials, the treatment of aortic diseases has continued to develop in the direction of minimally invasive, rapid and efficient.
Doctors can puncture from the thigh and place a stent in the aorta to properly "divert" the blood flow, thereby avoiding the impact on the aneurysm or ruptured dissection, achieving good treatment results, and some operations even require local anesthesia.
This academic seminar invited more than ten domestic experts to discuss the new progress in the treatment of aortic disease, and carried out cutting-edge technical training and discussion of difficult cases in the form of a conference salon.
The reporter learned at the meeting that, with the development of surgical techniques and industrial materials, the current treatment of aortic disease continues to develop in the direction of minimally invasive, rapid and efficient.
The National Defense General Administration continues to maintain the flood control level II response on the Yangtze River and Huaihe River - Xinhua English.news.cn
There will be heavy rainfall from the Sichuan Basin to the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River
The National Defense General Administration continues to maintain the flood control level II response for the Yangtze River and Huaihe River
The reporter learned from the Emergency Management Department on the 25th that it is expected that there will be heavy rainfall from the Sichuan Basin to the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River by the 27th, and it is necessary to continue to pay attention to the impact on the flood conditions of the Yangtze River and the Huaihe River. The embankments in some areas of the Yangtze River and Huaihe River Basin have been soaked at high water levels for a long time, and the risk of landslides, subsidence, pipe surges and other dangerous situations is high.
The National Defense General Economic Council discussed and judged, and decided to continue to maintain the flood control level II response for the Yangtze River and Huaihe River.
On the 25th, the Ministry of Water Resources stressed that the main stream of the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River maintains a high water level, the flood peak of the main stream of the Huaihe River passes through the Bengbu section of Anhui, and the water level of Taihu Lake has continued to exceed the alarm level for 28 days and 9 days.
At the same time, take precautions against heavy rainfall in Southwest and North China.
The Ministry of Water Resources maintains level II emergency response for flood and drought disaster prevention.
At the request of the Jiangxi Provincial Defense Office, the National Defense Office and the Ministry of Emergency Management urgently dispatched 20 sets of high-flow professional flood-draining vehicles from Shandong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang Fire Rescue Corps and Fujian Longyan Qiaolong Emergency Equipment Co., Ltd. to help solve serious disasters such as urban waterlogging and farmland soaking caused by heavy rainfall in Jiangxi.
On the 25th, all the equipment has been delivered to the front line of Jiangxi flood fighting and rescue.
According to the unified dispatch of the local government, the Jiangxi Flood Fighting and Rescue Front Headquarters of the Fire Rescue Bureau of the Ministry of Emergency Management immediately arranged the Jiangxi Fire Rescue Corps and reinforcements from surrounding provinces to set up 20 professional flood drainage teams to carry out flood drainage and rescue tasks in Nanchang, Jiujiang and Shangrao, Jiangxi.
At the same time, the National Defense Office and the Ministry of Emergency Management also urgently called 100 sets of trailer-type pumping stations for flood control materials stored in the central reserve to support flood control, rescue and drainage work in Jiangxi Province.
The Anhui Provincial Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters announced that from 12:00 on July 25, the relevant areas of the Yangtze River, Huaihe River and Chaohu Lake in Anhui Province have entered the emergency flood control period.
Hefei Disaster Reduction Committee decided to upgrade Hefei's disaster relief emergency response to level II at 10:00 on July 25.
On July 25, the Sichuan Provincial Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters issued the first yellow warning for mountain torrent disasters after the flood season.
The warning pointed out that from 20:00 on July 25 to 20:00 on July 26, there is a high possibility of flash floods in Dazhu County of Dazhou City, Linshui County of Guang'an City, Meigu County, Leibo County, Mianning County, Yuexi County, Xide County, Zhaojue County and Jinyang County of Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture.
In addition, several areas such as Kaijiang County and Dachuan District of Dazhou City may have flash flood disasters.
At 15:30 on July 25, the Jiangsu Provincial Department of Water Resources changed and issued a flood warning for the Nanjing section of the Yangtze River, from a red warning to an orange warning; at 10:30, an orange flood warning for the Huaihe River Jiangsu section was upgraded.
At present, there are still 29 rivers (lakes) in Jiangsu, and a total of 44 stations have water levels that are beyond the limit.
Recently, China's Yangtze River and Huaihe River Basin have suffered floods, and some of the affected people have moved to the flood control resettlement sites for temporary residence.
The resettlement sites are concentrated, the temporary use of fire and electricity increases, and the fire risk increases.
On July 25, the Fire Rescue Bureau of the Ministry of Emergency Management issued fire safety tips for flood control resettlement sites, calling on management units to implement the main responsibility of fire safety, and the public to strengthen safety precautions to jointly create a good fire safety environment.
(Reported by our reporters Ding Yiting, Wang Hao, Ni Yi, Yao Xueqing, You Yi, Wang Yongzhan and Zhao Beijia)
On July 24th, iQIYI's "Journey" was launched and also embarked on the journey of online broadcasting - Xinhuanet
Directed by Desen Chen, produced by Zheng Baorui, and starring Liu Xianhua, He Rundong, Lin Chenhan, and Jiang Luxia, the action-adventure movie "Journey" will be launched on iQIYI on July 24.
This is also the second big-budget movie to be broadcast online after "Aunt Mom".
"The Journey" is adapted from the online game of the same name. It tells the story of Dong Yilong, a young man from Qingyuan Village, and Chu Hun, a warrior of the Chu family. They embarked on a journey to participate in the selection of the Grand Marshal of the Southern Zhao State Army. On the way, they met the little girl King Kong, and the three went on a mission together.
This year is the 15th anniversary of the game "Journey" IP, and the launch of the movie of the same name is undoubtedly a tribute to the classic game.
At the same time as the announcement of the final file, the movie "Zhengtu" released the "National War" version of the finalized poster and the "Live" pilot trailer.
The excellent picture quality presents the grand national war picture of the journey world, and depicts the deep brotherhood of the two protagonists Dong Yilong and Chu Hun.
"Journey" chooses an alternate era to build the background of the story.
In the fictional Central Plains mainland, among the ten countries, the Southern Zhao State and the Northern Yan State live next to each other.
In order to defend the increasingly powerful Northern Yan, Southern Zhao held a martial arts competition to select generals.
The news spread to the remote Qingyuan Village. Villager Dong Yilong wanted to be the clan’s flag bearer and compete on behalf of the Qingyuan clan, but the villagers questioned his qualifications. After a lot of hard work, Yilong finally embarked on a journey with the warrior Chu Hun.
The total investment of the film is nearly 300 million yuan, and the special effects shots of the whole film account for up to 80%.
It is conceivable that the special effects have become one of the biggest attractions of "Journey".
The post-production special effects team is also quite talented. MORE VFX, the special effects team that created "The Wandering Earth", is responsible for restoring the "Journey" world with imaginative visual art and top technology.
Some of these classic game scenes, such as Phoenix City, Qingyuan Village, and Beast King Valley, will also appear in the movie, and gamers should have a wave of nostalgia.
In addition to the special effects team, the behind-the-scenes production is also a group of accomplished figures in the industry.
Director Chen Desen has directed "October Besieged" and "Purple Rain Storm", executive producer Zheng Baorui has filmed "Kill the Wolf 2" and "Journey to the West: Monkey King Three Fights the Bone Spirit", etc. The action scenes are directed by Dong Wei, the best action director of the Golden Image Award and the Golden Horse Award, and the art director Mak Guoqiang is also the winner of the best finger of the two Academy Awards.
Reporter Nie Qing
National Health Commission: 46 new confirmed cases on July 25, 22 in Xinjiang and 13 in Liaoning - Economic Observer
According to the National Health Commission, from 0 to 24:00 on July 25, 31 provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities) and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps reported 46 new confirmed cases, including 11 imported cases (5 in Inner Mongolia, 3 in Guangdong, 1 in Tianjin, 1 in Fujian, 1 in Shandong), 35 local cases (22 in Xinjiang and 13 in Liaoning); no new deaths; 2 new suspected imported cases (1 in Inner Mongolia).
On the same day, 19 new cases were cured and discharged, 673 close contacts were released from medical observation, and 7 severe cases were increased from the previous day.
There are 82 confirmed cases imported from abroad (including 2 severe cases) and 3 suspected cases.
A total of 2045 confirmed cases, 1963 cured and discharged cases, and no deaths.
As of 24:00 on July 25, according to reports from 31 provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities) and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps, there are 288 confirmed cases (including 18 severe cases), a total of 78,908 cured and discharged cases, a total of 4,634 deaths, a total of 83,830 reported confirmed cases, and 3 suspected cases.
A total of 779,000 close contacts have been traced, and 11,762 close contacts are still under medical observation.
31 provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government) and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps reported 68 new cases of asymptomatic infection (8 cases imported from abroad); 17 cases were converted to confirmed cases on the same day (no foreign imports); 10 cases were released from medical observation on the same day (7 cases were imported from abroad); 292 cases of asymptomatic infection are still under medical observation (91 cases imported from abroad).
A total of 3009 confirmed cases have been reported from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan.
Among them, 2505 cases were in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (1,455 cases were discharged, 18 cases died), 46 cases were in Macao Special Administrative Region (46 cases were discharged), and 458 cases were in Taiwan (440 cases were discharged, 7 cases died).
The longest high-speed rail tunnel in the Three Gorges Reservoir area is completed - Xinhua English.news.cn
2020-07-26 17:34:48 Source: China News Network Author: Chen Haifeng Responsible Editor: Chen Haifeng
The picture shows the construction site of the Little Three Gorges Tunnel.
Photo courtesy of China Railway Chengdu Bureau Group Corporation
China News Service, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporter Han Lu) The reporter learned from China Railway Chengdu Bureau Group Co., Ltd. on the 26th that the Zhengwan High-speed Railway Small Three Gorges Tunnel with a total length of about 18.9 kilometers was completed on the same day.
It is understood that the Little Three Gorges Tunnel is not only the longest high-speed railway tunnel within the Three Gorges reservoir area, but also the longest single-hole double-track high-speed railway tunnel with a design speed of 350 km/h among the projects currently under construction in China.
The Zhengzhou-Wanzhou high-speed railway is located in Henan, Hubei and Chongqing. It connects the Beijing-Guangzhou and Xu-Lanzhou high-speed railways in the north of Zhengzhou, and the Wanzhou-Chongqing-Wanzhou high-speed railway reaches Chongqing in the south. It is an important part of the Yangtze River Channel and the Hunan Channel in China's "eight vertical and eight horizontal" high-speed railway network.
The small Three Gorges Tunnel of the Zhengzhou-Wanzhou High-speed Railway was completed on the 26th.
Pictured is the scene.
The Zhengzhou-Wanzhou high-speed railway starts from Zhengzhou City, Henan Province, and runs southwest through Pingdingshan City, Nanyang City, and Xiangyang City, Hubei Province to Wanzhou District, Chongqing City. The new line has a total length of about 818 kilometers, a design speed of 350 kilometers per hour, and about 184 kilometers in Chongqing.
Among them, the Zhengzhou to Xiangyang section has been put into operation on December 1, 2019, and the Chongqing section is stepping up its construction.
The Little Three Gorges Tunnel, which was opened on the 26th, is the control project of the Zhengzhou-Wanzhou High-speed Railway. The project is located at the junction of Fengjie County and Wushan County, Chongqing City, with a total length of about 18.9 kilometers and a maximum burial depth of 890 meters.
Construction of the tunnel began in February 2017 and will be fully completed on July 26, 2020.
According to Wang Guojun, head of the Zheng-Wan high-speed railway tunnel design of China Railway Second Academy Engineering Group Co., Ltd., the survey and designer, the Little Three Gorges Tunnel is located in a very complex terrain and geological conditions, facing risks such as karst, mud inrush and large deformation of soft rock. It is a Class I high-risk tunnel, and the design and construction of the tunnel are extremely difficult.
"During the construction of the project, we used geological survey methods, geophysical methods and advanced drilling methods to advance geological predictions, and adopted special design schemes for more than 30 types of karst caves. For example, a bridge with a length of 24 meters was designed and built, and a large karst cave with a longitudinal length of more than 10 meters and a depth of more than 55 meters in the tunnel was designed to avoid tunnel settlement." Wang Guojun said.
According to the China Railway Tunnel Bureau, the construction party, the tunnel was constructed in a combination of dredging and blocking. By building horizontal tunnels, grouting and water blocking, strengthening tunnel structural support and building sewage treatment stations, the project not only ensured the orderly progress of the project, but also avoided the damage to the water body of the Little Three Gorges Scenic Area by construction drainage. At the same time, it successfully overcame the construction problems such as the 7-kilometer-long soft rock deformation and other unfavorable geological problems, such as the daily maximum water inflow of 157,000 cubic meters.
When the Zhengzhou-Wanzhou high-speed railway is completed and opened to traffic, it will become a new convenient and rapid passenger transport channel from southwest China to the Central Plains, North China and Northeast China. It is of great significance to improving the capacity and quality of the northeast railway channel in Southwest China, improving the regional road network layout, accelerating the development of tourism resources and urbanization along the line, promoting coordinated regional development, and promoting the implementation of the western development strategy.
Experts say collection of immigration data through U.S. Census for House seat allocation is unconstitutional
Civil rights groups and several U.S. cities and counties have sued the U.S. federal government, saying the Trump administration’s attempts to exclude undocumented immigrants from the U.S. census are unworkable and unconstitutional.
The U.S. Census will determine the distribution of seats in the U.S. House of Representatives.
"It's not going to work," ACLU executive attorney Sarah Brannon told VOA.
She went on to say that Trump's requirement to determine the citizenship status of those taking the census in the census is difficult and "not very reliable."
Another civil liberties group, Common Cause, filed a lawsuit Thursday challenging Trump's executive order.
Cities in New Jersey and Georgia joined the lawsuit.
Arlington County, Virginia, also joined the lawsuit Friday.
"The U.S. Constitution requires an accurate count of our population every 10 years," said Garvey, chairman of the Arlington County Board of Management. "We must accurately count everyone who lives in Arlington County and not allow this illegal attempt to scare away and shrink our immigrant community."
Other groups and individuals praised President Trump's executive order.
Alabama Attorney General Marshall called the executive order a "victory" for the state.
"The allocation of House and Electoral College seats in each state must be based on the number of residents living in each state and the number of residents who are legally resident," he said.
The U.S. Supreme Court last year blocked the Trump administration from including a citizenship question on the 2020 census form.
President Donald Trump signed an executive order earlier this week directing Commerce Secretary Ross, who oversees the U.S. Census Bureau, to submit census data on the undocumented population so that the administration can exclude those undocumented people from state census numbers and use that to determine whether each state is gaining, losing or maintaining House seats.
The United States redistributes House seats every 10 years based on demographic changes.
Heavy rain falls in 33 districts and counties of Chongqing, and local flood control level IV emergency response is launched-Chinanews
Xinhua News Agency, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporters Ke Gaoyang and Li Song) The reporter learned from the Chongqing Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters that Chongqing has ushered in a new round of heavy rainfall since July 25. 33 districts and counties experienced heavy rains, and 4 small and medium-sized rivers experienced floods above the warning level. Local flood control level IV emergency response has been launched.
According to the monitoring of Chongqing Municipal Hydrological Monitoring Station, from 8:00 on the 25th to 8:00 on the 26th, most areas of Chongqing ushered in torrential rains. 33 districts and counties such as Jiangjin, Qijiang and Wulong experienced heavy rains, including 16 districts and counties such as Wanzhou, Yunyang and Nanchuan.
The maximum daily rainfall occurred in Longshan Village, Jinshan Town, Nanchuan, at 197.5 mm.
Affected by the heavy rainfall, floods above the warning level occurred in four small and medium-sized rivers, Lvzixi in Jiangjin District, Youjiang River in Fuling District, Yingyang River in Kaizhou District, and Tuantan River in Yunyang County, and the water level is still rising.
The heavy rainfall also led to a landslide in Liujing Village, Tudi Township, Wulong District, which interrupted the passage of village roads. The landslide slid into a tributary of the Wujiang River along the Cang River, blocking the river and forming a dammed lake. The local area has urgently organized the transfer of people downstream.
In response to the torrential rain, the Chongqing Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters issued level III warning information for river floods at 13:00 on the 26th, and initiated a flood control level IV emergency response, requiring relevant districts, counties and units to strengthen patrol duty, mobilize emergency rescue teams and materials in time, and evacuate people in threatened areas.
Move in response to the situation and promote the construction of industrial projects-Look at the headlines-Hunan Daily Net-Huasheng Online
In midsummer Hunan, the heat wave is blowing.
The enthusiasm released by the on-site observation meeting to promote the construction of industrial projects across the province overshadowed the scorching heat of the dog days, and the clear guidance of "comparing strength with industry, and heroes with projects" encouraged Sanxiang and Four Waters.
The development of Hunan always depends on building projects and cultivating industries.
Facing the extremely unusual first half of the year, under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, the province has adhered to a game of chess, made every effort to fight the two tough battles of epidemic prevention and flood control, and regarded industrial projects as a "first move" to implement "six stability" and "six guarantees".
From a year-on-year decline of 1.9% in GDP in the first quarter to a year-on-year increase of 1.3% in the first half of the year, it is self-evident that the difficulties and efforts during this period have been enormous.
In this precious report card, the construction of industrial projects is the key support for Hunan to accelerate economic recovery and develop stable and positive development.
It's possible, it's irreversible.
The construction of industrial projects should be put into the overall situation and be good at accumulating, accumulating, and seeking potential, as well as being good at recognizing changes, seeking changes and adapting to changes.
Against the backdrop of the current complex and severe international situation, in addition to the hard work of attracting investment, it is also necessary to calm down and study the new characteristics of the current new situation, better grasp the rules, be more scientific and accurate, and better integrate into the new development pattern with the domestic large-scale cycle as the main body and the domestic and international double-cycle mutual promotion.
Pay more attention to improving the basic capabilities of the industry.
In the first half of the year, not only did a large number of heavyweight investment projects in emerging industries in our province break ground and sow hope, but also enterprises in traditional advantageous industries accelerated their deployment and made rapid progress in the transformation of digital, intelligent and green industries.
The Yiyang Aoshikang Third Science Park project transformed the existing production line, and the high-end printed circuit board intelligent production line seized the opportunity; Hunan China Tobacco Changde Cigarette Factory's new factory is committed to intelligent transformation and the process of building a modern factory, which is also a vivid portrayal of "old trees sprouts"... Focusing on the major national strategies and "two new and one heavy", focusing on consolidating and upgrading advantageous industries, actively cultivating and developing emerging industries, strengthening the foundation for technological innovation, and comprehensively accumulating technological innovation.
Pay more attention to cultivating and developing new economy, new format and new model.
The sudden new crown epidemic has brought the popularity of the "cloud economy", stimulated the potential of the digital economy, and provided new opportunities for industrial transformation: in the first half of the year, the computer and office equipment manufacturing industry, electronic and communication equipment manufacturing industry in our province increased by 12.6%, the online retail sales of wholesale and retail enterprises above designated size increased by 32.2% year-on-year, and the online meal fee income of catering companies increased by 35.6% year-on-year.
It is the general trend to cultivate new opportunities in the crisis, open up a new situation in the face of change, actively promote digital industrialization and industrial digitization, and guide the integrated development of the digital economy and the real economy.
Pay more attention to optimizing and stabilizing the supply chain of the industrial chain.
Construction machinery is the main force of Hunan's industry, but two-thirds of the supporting enterprises are outside the province, and there is still space and potential in the supporting chain.
Strengthening the thinking of the industrial chain and grasping the project requires not only the continuous accumulation of leading enterprises and technological breakthroughs in the key links of the industrial chain; it also needs to be cultivated in various places to stimulate the "chain" lock reaction by strengthening the chain, supplementing the chain and extending the chain, promoting the coordinated layout of related supporting industries, and accelerating the construction of an independent, controllable, safe and reliable industrial chain supply chain.
Overcoming difficulties and supporting enterprises, Hunan is still a hot and pleasant land with a good business environment and emerging market opportunities.
Shaoyang implements "shareholder-style" services, no shirks, no discounts in policy implementation, and no overnight problem solving... In the process of recovering the losses caused by the epidemic, various "do everything possible" to identify shortcomings and pain points, and achieve fresh stories that turn dangers into opportunities.
Single-mindedly researching industries, cultivating industries, developing industries, and solidly optimizing the business environment will surely win the favor of more investors.
The wind and waves ahead are still there, but the state of riding the wind and waves has become the norm for the province to grasp the construction of industrial projects and promote high-quality development.
At this critical period, we must learn and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's series of important instructions, effectively respond to external uncertainties with the certainty of our own work, persevere in the construction of industrial projects, and share enthusiasm and sweat to ensure the successful conclusion of the "13th Five-Year Plan" and building a moderately prosperous society in all respects.
Moroccan navy intercepts consignment of cannabis products in Mediterranean - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Rabat, July 26 (Reporter Chen Binjie) According to Moroccan media reports on the 26th, the coast guard affiliated to the Moroccan Navy intercepted a batch of marijuana products in the Mediterranean on the same day, with a total weight of more than 1 ton.
The Moroccan official news agency quoted military sources as saying that the Moroccan coast guard intercepted a speedboat suspected of smuggling marijuana products while patrolling the Mediterranean on the same day. The suspect threw the marijuana products into the sea before being arrested, and the coast guard then picked it up.
The Moroccan coast guard has handed over the suspect and the shipment of cannabis products to relevant authorities, the report said.
The Moroccan judiciary is further investigating the case.
Cultivate new formats and open up new space for employment-Chinanews
New employment methods are constantly emerging, opening up new opportunities for employment, and a number of innovative service policies have also been launched to help new employment forms thrive.
The latest data from the National Bureau of Statistics showed that the national urban surveyed unemployment rate was 5.7 percent in June, down 0.2 percentage points from May.
This is also the two consecutive declines in the national urban surveyed unemployment rate since April. Behind the monthly decline in the unemployment rate data is the continuous emergence of new employment opportunities in new formats.
Now the monthly salary of more than 5,000, coupled with the freshness of embracing information technology, has made Guo Mei more and more motivated.
In the Shanxi Transformation Comprehensive Reform Demonstration Zone Innovation Incubation Base, there are more than 2,300 data annotators.
Not only data labellers, but also 25 occupations such as nucleic acid testers and online learning service engineers have been defined as new occupations since the beginning of this year, and vocational skills standards have been developed and skills training programs launched to support the development of practitioners.
In response to new employment methods and new entrepreneurial paths, the state is also innovating employment services.
Recently, the National Development and Reform Commission and other 13 departments jointly issued the "Opinions on Supporting the Healthy Development of New Business Formats and New Models, Activating the Consumer Market, and Driving the Expansion of Employment" to provide laborers with diverse employment opportunities.
Multiple departments will jointly cultivate new individuals in the market, further reduce the cost of online entrepreneurship and employment for self-employed operators; make new business types more secure, and policies such as protection of rights and interests and social security for flexible employment will be introduced one after another.
Tunisian president nominates new prime minister - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Tunisia, July 25 (Reporter Huang Ling) The Tunisian Presidential Office announced on the 25th that President Saeed nominated Hisham Mehihi, the Minister of the Interior of the caretaker government, as the new prime minister.
The announcement said that according to the constitution, Mai Xixi should complete the formation of the cabinet within one month and submit the list of the new government to the parliament for approval.
The formation of the new government must be approved by a majority of the 217 members of Parliament.
Maihihi, who was born in 1974 and has a master's degree in law and management, was appointed Home Minister in February this year.
On July 15, the then Tunisian Prime Minister Fakhfah resigned and was approved by the president.
Earlier, the largest party in the Tunisian parliament, the Baath Movement, announced that it had withdrawn its support for the Fakhfah government, causing the government to lack sufficient support in the parliament.
The overall stability of employment and prices shows that the economy has a "temperature" - Chinanews.com
2020-07-26 07:01:37 Source: Economic Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Responsible Editor: Wang Sishuo
The overall stability of employment and prices shows that the economy has a "temperature"
Economic Daily·China Economic Net reporter Lin Huocan
In the first half of this year, in the face of the impact of the new crown pneumonia epidemic, China has coordinated the work of epidemic prevention and control and economic and social development. The situation of epidemic prevention and control has continued to improve, and the economy has seen a steady recovery. The performance of employment and prices, which are closely related to people's livelihood, have been generally stable. The Chinese economy has handed over a warm economic performance report card.
The surveyed unemployment rate rose in the first two months of the year.
Especially in February, the production and operation activities of many enterprises were basically suspended, the demand for employment of enterprises decreased, and recruitment was delayed or cancelled, and the urban surveyed unemployment rate increased.
With the gradual improvement of the epidemic prevention and control situation, the order of production and life in the whole society has been continuously restored.
The CPC Central Committee adheres to the general tone of seeking progress while maintaining stability, further strengthens the hedging of macro policies, comprehensively strengthens the employment priority policy, and actively promotes the work of assisting enterprises to stabilize jobs and expand employment.
China has increased policy hedging to stabilize jobs, launched a combination of "reductions, exemptions and repayments" policies, phased reductions in the payment of three social insurance units, allowed deferral of social insurance premiums, expanded unemployment insurance for small and medium-sized enterprises, and benefited from the employment-based training policy, and provided absorption subsidies and apprenticeship subsidies for enterprises to absorb the employment of key groups.
With the implementation of various policies to stabilize employment, the employment demand of enterprises has steadily risen, the employment situation has gradually improved, and the urban surveyed unemployment rate has gradually declined. In June, the surveyed unemployment rate was 5.7%.
Zhang Yi, director of the Department of Population and Employment Statistics of the National Bureau of Statistics, said that in the second quarter, various employment policies continued to take effect. The labor force who quit due to the impact of the epidemic in the early stage returned one after another. The urban labor force participation rate in June increased by about 10 percentage points compared with February, which was close to the level of the same period last year.
Data show that the total urban employment in June increased by more than 19% compared with February, and most industries reached the pre-epidemic level; the average weekly working hours of employees in enterprises reached 46.8 hours, an increase of 6.6 hours from February and a slight increase of 0.1 hours from January.
Prices are also related to thousands of households.
In January, the CPI rose 5.4% year-on-year, a multi-year high.
In February, although the year-on-year increase of CPI fell slightly, it was still in the "5 range".
The year-on-year increase of CPI is at a high level, due to both the factors driving consumer demand before the Spring Festival, the wrong month of the Spring Festival and the low year-on-year base.
However, the impact of the new crown pneumonia epidemic on prices is particularly obvious.
Affected by the prevention and control of the epidemic, in January and February, logistics delays, untimely supply of materials, and increased material transportation costs occurred across the country. In addition, some citizens hoarded and snapped up, and the prices of some daily necessities increased significantly.
In response to the disturbance of the price situation caused by the epidemic prevention and control, relevant departments have included important living materials into the scope of emergency transportation to ensure the smooth transportation of materials.
Under the action of a series of policy measures, the market supply of vegetables and fruits has been effectively guaranteed.
In response to the rapid rise in pork prices at the beginning of this year, after the central government introduced the policy of ensuring supply and stabilizing prices, all regions and departments quickly implemented them. The supply of pork reserves was significantly improved, the production capacity of pigs was restored in an orderly manner, and the order of production and sales gradually became normal.
Since March, pork prices have continued to decline, and in May, the year-on-year increase in food prices dropped to 10.6%; in June, due to factors such as slowing pig slaughter, reduced import volume and rebound in group consumption demand, pork prices rose slightly month-on-month.
Seasonal changes in the price of fresh vegetables are obvious, with an average increase of 3.4% in the first half of the year.
Affected by the high comparison base in the same period last year, the price of fresh fruit continued to decline year-on-year, with an average drop of 13.3% in the first half of the year.
The basic livelihood of the masses is effectively guaranteed, and the overall economic and social situation remains stable and orderly.
With the gradual recovery of transportation and logistics, various regions have stepped up efforts to ensure supply, and the market supply and demand situation has improved.
Since March, the CPI has declined for four consecutive months, and the year-on-year increase has also dropped from 4.3% in March to 2.5% in June, and the overall price level has returned to a stable level.
In the second half of the year, China's commodity prices will continue to maintain moderate levels, and the overall inflationary pressure will not be large, but it is still necessary to promote the restoration of production and living order under the premise of normalizing epidemic prevention and control.
Effectively respond to floods, droughts and other natural disasters in major agricultural production areas such as grain, fruits and vegetables, strengthen market supervision, and resolutely crack down on hoarding and price gouging that disrupt market order.
Ma Yun summoned by Indian court?
Ali: The official response from the Internet was not sent by Ali-China News Network
Ali: The "official response" on the Internet was not issued by Ali
Sino-Singapore Jingwei Client, July 26th: On the afternoon of the 26th, foreign media reported that a court in New Delhi, the capital of India, had subpoenaed UC India, Alibaba founder Jack Ma and executives of more than a dozen other companies in a former employee lawsuit.
In this regard, Wang Shuai, chairman of the Alibaba Marketplace Public Relations Committee, wrote a humorous message on the circle of friends, saying that UC India is handling the process according to the process, but as to whether Ma Yun himself knows, Wang Shuai said: "I don't know either.
It's really getting harder and harder to find after he retired... I've been looking for a day... Let's go to the HHB bar tonight and look for it."
On the other hand, Ali confirmed to the Sino-Singapore Jingwei client that the so-called Ali official reply was previously reported on the Internet that "UC has been firmly committed to serving the Indian market and protecting the welfare of local employees, and the policy complies with local laws.
As the matter is still on trial, no further comment can be made on this issue."
Not issued by Ali.
McDonald's: More than 14,000 U.S. stores will require customers to wear masks
In response to the new crown pneumonia epidemic, McDonald's in the United States issued a statement on the 24th, saying that since August 1, McDonald's stores across the United States have required customers to wear masks when entering, and will provide masks at the entrance to customers who do not carry them.
According to the National Public Radio (NPR) report on the 24th, McDonald's has more than 14,000 stores in the United States.
McDonald's told the media that customers who do not want to wear a mask will be directed to takeaway pick-up points that maintain a safe distance from other customers.
In addition, McDonald's restaurant dining areas will also add protective panels to maintain social distancing.
McDonald's has therefore introduced new mask-wearing rules to deal with customers who do not want to cooperate.
More than 50 plays will be staged one after another. Beijing Performing Arts Group is preparing for the resumption of the theater - Xinhuanet
With the adjustment of the emergency response level for public health emergencies in Beijing from the second level to the third level, the commercial cultural venues in Beijing have ushered in the reopening of the current limit.
Beijing Performing Arts Group revealed that it has fully prepared for the opening of the theater, and more than 50 plays will be ready to debut one after another.
Today, Jingyan Group's online performance brand - Jingyan Theater will also be launched.
During the epidemic, the troupes of the Beijing Performing Arts Group "stopped performances without stopping 'art', and stopped working without stopping 'gong'" to reserve masterpieces.
The Chinese Acrobatic Troupe will launch three new shows, "Phantom of Acrobatics", "Treasure of Heaven and Earth" and "Dream of the Future Star", which will integrate ballet skills, ballet opponent tops, parachuting, single pole, funny, diabolo, circle and other wonderful acrobatic performances.
China Ping Theater's "Sixty-five Years of Bright History, Qinglian Elegant Rhythm Creates New Brilliance" performance season will also kick off. At that time, the old, middle and young generations will perform on the same stage to witness and celebrate the 65th anniversary of the founding of the Academy.
It is reported that the China Ping Theater has 30 large-scale drama programs and 14 excerpts, including "Flower as a Matchmaker", "Mother", "Good Night", "Tibetan Rainbow", "Unparalleled Legend" and "New Pavilion Tears".
The Beijing Children's Art Theatre and the Chinese Puppet Theatre, which are very popular among young audiences, have also shown their "housekeeping" skills, waiting to meet with children again.
The China Puppet Theatre is intensively preparing a large-scale original puppet show "The Great Wall" and a large-scale cartoon stage play "Panda and Mole's Garbage Sorting and Environmental Protection Little Guardians".
Beijing Children's Art Theatre's long-awaited small theater drama "Fourteen Days" has completed the script writing and has begun to enter the rehearsal stage. It is scheduled to premiere at the end of August; the classic IP drama "You look delicious" will be touring in 12 cities from October to December.
The Beijing Opera and Dance Theatre is also systematically rehearsing 10 fine small-scale dances such as "Chasing Dreams" and "Running Horses" and classic songs such as "Song of the New Era", "Love in Beijing" and "Bridge of Love".
It is worth mentioning that the rehearsal work of the annual masterpiece of the Beijing Opera Group, the musical "In the Distance", which will be staged at the end of the year, is also being carried out in an orderly manner.
Beijing Chinese Orchestra, Beijing Hebei Bangzi Opera Troupe, Beijing Opera Troupe and Beijing Opera Troupe also have a lot of good operas waiting to be staged on "The Day the Theater Opens".
Following the launch of the first online performance season in May, the online performance brand "Beijing Theater", an online performance brand created by integrating the high-quality performing arts resources of its nine troupes, was officially launched today.
Beijing Opera Theater aims to create the most complete all-weather online theater in the art category, including the "Online Huimin Performance Season" of the group's excellent and classic programs, as well as different sections such as "Famous Masters Talking Classical Playback", "Cloud Micro-Classroom", "Beijing Opera with Opera, Accompanying Friday" and other different sections.
Today, the Beijing Chinese Orchestra will appear at the Beijing Opera Theatre as the first "guest", bringing to the audience a barrage concert of "Country and Tide" full of creativity and emotion.
All departments actively implement flood control measures to ensure transportation safety-Chinanews
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Fan Xi) Since the beginning of summer, many places in China have been hit by heavy rainfall.
In order to do a good job in summer flood prevention and transportation safety, all departments stick to their posts, strengthen the investigation and rectification of hidden dangers, strengthen emergency response, and fully implement various flood prevention measures.
According to the latest statistics from China State Railway Group Co., Ltd., the railway department has dispatched more than 280,000 inspectors, inspected more than 90,000 bridges, more than 17,000 tunnels, and more than 240,000 culverts.
Since July 1, the main railway lines and freight passages across the country have been kept safe and smooth, and the overall transportation order has been good. The departure, operation, and arrival rates of passenger trains across the railway bureau have reached 97.7%, 87.1%, and 86.8% respectively.
The dispatching station of China Railway Nanchang Bureau Group Co., Ltd. strengthened emergency response, and designated a special person to be responsible for dynamically tracking and grasping the situation of flood control equipment, road material reserves and storage, and promptly notified information and started emergency response in case of sudden disaster failure.
Recently, in the face of the security threat posed to the Qingjiang Bridge by the formation of a dammed lake in the upstream due to heavy rainfall, the Yichang Comprehensive Maintenance Section of China Railway Wuhan Bureau Group Co., Ltd. organized professional technicians to monitor the Qingjiang Bridge 24 hours a day, and established an all-weather communication mechanism with the local emergency department to grasp and handle hidden dangers in a timely manner.
In order to ensure the safety of transportation electricity in summer, State Grid Qingdao Jimo District Power Supply Company, in combination with the climate characteristics of the flood season, cooperates closely with local meteorological and railway departments to strengthen inspections and hidden dangers of railway power supply lines and facilities in the area under its jurisdiction, and strengthen emergency response to landslides, collapses, debris flows and other related accidents in line corridors.
In order to further improve the work of flood and typhoon prevention, China Eastern Airlines Technology Co., Ltd. has established an emergency rescue reserve team, carried out flood prevention and disaster prevention knowledge training, and formulated flight plans according to the daily weather and typhoon warning conditions, and made preparations and related emergency plans for aircraft parked in coastal areas before the operation resumes.
New book reveals: Prince Harry thinks brother is 'snobbish'
The Times and The Sunday Times have published a new book titled "Finding Freedom," which describes the royal journey of Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle.
But Reuters reported that Harry and Meghan had disassociate themselves from the book, saying they had not been interviewed by the author or provided any content.
The Sunday Times reported that the new book, citing sources, said that when Harry and Meghan were dating before their marriage, Prince William wanted to confirm whether Meghan, a former Hollywood actress, had ulterior motives for Harry.
According to the source, William told Harry at the time: "Don't feel the need to rush (marry Meghan).
You can take the time to get to know this girl as much as you can."
The report said that when Harry heard William describe Meghan as "the girl", he felt the arrogance and snobbery in his brother's tone, and he also believed that he no longer needed reminders.
Harry and Meghan announced plans in January to live a more independent life and will support themselves.
After officially stepping down as senior members of the royal family in March, the two are currently living in Los Angeles with their son Archie to pursue a new career.
Harry and Meghan married in May 2018.
At the time, the marriage was seen as injecting Hollywood glamour and new-age flavor into the British royal family, and the two became one of the most high-profile celebrity couples in the world today.
Bring an umbrella!
Today's rain in Beijing "reduces fever", the highest temperature drops to 29 ° C - Xinhua English.news.cn
Today (July 26), rain will come to Beijing again, and the maximum temperature will also drop to 29°C. The public is reminded to take rain gear and pay attention to traffic safety when going out.
Yesterday, there were more clouds in the sky in Beijing. In the afternoon, the maximum temperature in most parts of the urban area exceeded 33 °C, and the humidity increased compared with the previous few days, and the muggy feeling increased.
With the arrival of cold air, rain will come to Beijing again.
It is expected that Beijing will be cloudy and cloudy during the day today, with scattered showers (with weak thunder and lightning), the south wind is 23 degrees, and the maximum temperature is 29 °C; at night, there will be light to moderate rain (with weak thunder and lightning), south to north wind, and the minimum temperature is 23 °C.
Tomorrow, there will still be thunderstorms in Beijing, with a maximum temperature of 30°C.
Experts remind that there will be more rainy weather today and tomorrow, you need to bring rain gear when you go out, pay attention to lightning protection and rain protection and traffic safety, try to avoid mountain activities, and prevent geological disasters.
Heilongjiang launches special campaign to clean up and rectify the fraudulent use of well-known hospital names jqknews
In recent years, the names of some medical institutions have been irregular and inappropriate, and the names of well-known medical institutions have been used fraudulently without legal authorization, which has led to misleading the people in seeking medical treatment.
After inquiring the national enterprise credit information publicity system, some of the registered medical institutions in Heilongjiang Province have the words "Xiehe" and other well-known medical institutions, and use the name of "Xiehe" and other well-known hospitals to conduct business, disrupting the normal medical order and causing adverse social impacts.
At the same time, it will take this opportunity to carry out various forms of law popularization activities to improve the awareness of market players' responsibility, legal rights protection and law-abiding business awareness.
Through the smooth channels for complaints and reports, a batch of typical cases with bad influences were publicly exposed to the public, forming a shock and deterrent effect.
30 e-sports projects settled, Shanghai Pudong expands "new track" of online new economy - Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Shanghai, July 25 (Reporter Teng Jiani) On the 24th, 30 key e-sports projects landed in Shanghai Pudong New Area, covering all categories of e-sports industry development from venues, events to enterprises, and it is expected to drive the regional e-sports game industry to add 10 billion yuan in revenue.
The digital cultural industry represented by e-sports games will become a new growth point for Pudong's new online economy, helping Shanghai to become a global e-sports capital.
In terms of e-sports venues, on the basis of the existing top-level competition venues such as the Mei Ben Cultural Center and the Oriental Sports Center, a new batch of venues including the Pudong Football Stadium, the professional e-sports space, the Senlan E-sports Hall, and the Dongchang Yi Space are confirmed to be located in Pudong.
Wang Haisong, general manager of Senlan Land of Shanghai Waigaoqiao Group, told reporters that the Senlan E-sports Hall has an indoor venue of about 1,500 square meters, which can accommodate 1,000 people. It is currently under construction and is expected to introduce events in March next year. A 120,000-square-meter green park will be built next to the E-sports hall. Combined with the pan-entertainment format of e-sports, it will introduce entertainment elements such as animation two-dimensional.
In terms of e-sports supporting industries, Pudong strives to improve the layout of the industrial chain.
NetEase Dragon Team and other world champion teams made their debut at the signing event, and the country's only gaming e-sports TV digital channel - Game Storm moved to Pudong for development.
In terms of competitions, Pudong actively strives for the landing of top international and domestic competitions to create an endless e-sports season.
A number of e-sports events such as the 2020 Peace Elite International Champion Cup and La Liga e-sports were announced to be held in Pudong.
In terms of enterprises, Pudong focuses on promoting the landing of leading enterprises.
For example, Nayuan Information plans to launch dozens of game products in Pudong, and NetEase Blizzard, Perfect World, Shengqu Games, etc. will also actively launch new projects, striving to generate 10 billion yuan in revenue.
Statistics show that the current size of the e-sports game industry in Pudong accounts for one-third of that in Shanghai.
A number of leading e-sports game companies such as Tencent and NetEase have landed in Pudong, and a number of top events such as TI9 and the Glory of Kings Winter Games are held in Pudong. Pudong is becoming the "strong heart" of the development of Shanghai's e-sports industry.
The gathering of high-quality e-sports industry in Pudong is also inseparable from the support of relevant policies.
Recently, the China Game Industry Research Institute landed in Pudong, setting high standards for the industry.
The Qunxing Vocational School in Pudong was awarded the "Shanghai Vocational Education E-sports Professional Pilot School", laying the foundation for the cultivation of talents in the e-sports industry.
The registration system for e-sports athletes was first implemented in Pudong, further improving the professional level of e-sports players.
Huang Wei, director of the Pudong New Area Culture, Sports and Tourism Bureau, said that around the goal of building Shanghai into a "global e-sports capital", Pudong proposed to build a "core functional area for the development of Shanghai's e-sports industry".
In the next step, Pudong will continue to focus on key events and key enterprises, accelerate development and form an industrial chain.
Using the policies of the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone, in order to improve the overall development of the e-sports industry, we will conduct pilot experiments, explore innovations, and form experiences that can be replicated and promoted.
Capital Theater welcomes the first audience after the epidemic tomorrow - Xinhua English.news.cn
Beijing Renyi will launch the script reading of the classic "Death of a Salesman" at 2 pm tomorrow, welcoming long-lost audiences at the Capital Theater.
Under the premise of "adhering to normal prevention and control, orderly opening, and limiting the flow of reservations", Beijing Renyi will strictly implement the measures to limit the flow of personnel reservations to ensure that the total number of audiences does not exceed 30% of the seats in the theater, and ensure that the audiences are seated at intervals and maintain a distance of more than 1 meter.
At the same time, the theater has also made adequate preparations in terms of daily duty, cleaning and disinfection, inspection and registration, garbage cleaning, site inspection, and safety management.
This event is only open to the audience who holds the physical membership card of the Friends of the Arts Association. Due to the current limit requirement, each person is limited to one book, and the book is full.
The event adopts real-name ticketing and admission. On the day of the performance, the booker must hold the original ID card and the performance ticket, wear a mask, and keep a distance of more than 1 meter to check the tickets in an orderly manner.
Masks must be worn at all times during the performance, and direct conversations should be avoided as much as possible.
"Death of a Salesman" is the masterpiece of the famous screenwriter Arthur Miller. Since it was completed in 1949, it has gained widespread popularity around the world.
In the 1980s, under the mediation of Ying Ruocheng and others, Arthur Miller came to China and rehearsed his own work for Beijing Renyi.
This script reading was entirely composed of a team of young actors from Beijing Renyi. The two-week rehearsal took place under the leadership of director Tang Ye. Each of them created a biography of the characters in order to analyze the characters in depth, so that after nearly 40 years of re-examination, this masterpiece of realism drama can be re-emerged with charm.
Today, the opening ceremony of the 2020 Hunan Red Tourism Culture Festival and the First Xiangtan Red Culture Industry Expo was held in Shaoshan.
Zhang Hongsen, member of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee and Minister of the Propaganda Department of the Provincial Party Committee, announced the opening of the Red Tourism Culture Festival, and Vice Governor Wu Guiying made a speech.
Hunan Red Tourism Culture Festival has been successfully held for 16 sessions and is a well-known brand of national red tourism.
This festival is co-sponsored by the Propaganda Department of the Provincial Party Committee, the Provincial Department of Culture and Tourism, and the Xiangtan Municipal Party Committee and Municipal Government.
Wu Guiying said that the holding of this festival is of great significance to the implementation of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important instructions to "make good use of red resources, carry forward the red tradition, and pass on the red gene", further grasp the development of red tourism in our province, promote the recovery of the cultural tourism market, and let the "red power" condense into a broad synergy for building a rich, beautiful and happy new Hunan.
It will play a more active role in promoting the red culture, inheriting the red spirit, stimulating consumption of cultural tourism, and promoting the high-quality development of cultural tourism in Hunan.
At the opening ceremony, two activities of "Red Moves Hunan and Jiangxi • Praise China" red dance invitational competition and "Retake the Long March, Crossing the Hunan and Jiangxi Borders" were launched at the same time.
During the festival, activities such as investment promotion and signing ceremony of Xiangtan industrial projects, red tourism five-good commentator forum and red education training seminar, red wisdom cultural tourism experience exhibition and new technology sharing, "Xiangsu water homologous, culture same root" Hunan Folk Song Invitational Competition and other activities will also be held.
During the opening ceremony, leaders and guests such as Zhang Hongsen and Wu Guiying went to the first Xiangtan Red Cultural Industry Expo on-site tour, and watched the live performance of "Mao Zedong in China".
Qinghai Lake "Flower Sea Live Studio": "Sweet" Bringing Goods to Help Farmers Increase Income-Chinanews
2020-07-26 19:43:50 Source: China News Network Author: Su Yiyu Responsible Editor: Su Yiyu
The picture shows Wu Na (left), President of Beijing Houdeli Bee Industry Co., Ltd., introducing Qinghai bee products.
Photo by Ma Mingyan
China News Service, Qinghai, Hainan, July 26th Title: "Flower Sea Live Broadcasting Room" on the shore of Qinghai Lake: "Sweet" brings goods to help farmers increase income
Author Hu Guilong Pan Yujie
"The lakeside of Qinghai in midsummer is full of golden flowers and thousands of bees flying. The altitude here is high, the temperature difference between day and night is large, and the air pollution is less. The strong light breeds the most tenacious and generous bee colonies, which makes Qinghai royal jelly highly active, high in protein, rich in nutritional value, low in sugar and low in fat."
On the 26th, Zhang Jianxun, deputy director of the Industry and Information Administration of Hainan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in Qinghai Province, said.
On the same day, the live-streaming activity of "Concentric Fighting Spring Jelly to Help Farmers" was held on the shore of Qinghai Lake. The China Bee Products Association, entrepreneur representatives, bee farmers and other parties gathered to promote Qinghai's characteristic bee products. A total of nearly 10,000 bottles of Qinghai Plateau Royal Jelly were sold online and offline, with a total value of nearly 3.8 million yuan.
The picture shows beekeepers displaying bee products on site.
It is reported that this live-streaming activity promotes the exchange and cooperation of "enterprise   bee farmers   growers" with the help of Beijing Houdeli bee industry chain store network, Kuaishou, Taobao and other well-known domestic bee product retail enterprises, live broadcast, and e-commerce platforms, and continues to issue "Qinghai Plateau Spring Pulp Consumption Coupons" to consumers through online and offline channels. It is estimated that the total annual profit of the company will be nearly 5.28 million yuan.
In this regard, Wu Na, the president of Beijing Houdeli Bee Industry Co., Ltd., believes that it is "very worthwhile": "This move can expand the popularity of Qinghai bee products, attract more consumers to understand and like pure natural bee products without additives, and drive beekeepers to increase their income."
At present, the company has signed a production cooperation strategic agreement with Qinghai Cloud Bee Industry Co., Ltd. and Qinghai Huabao Bee Industry Co., Ltd. to jointly promote the rapid development of the local bee industry in Qinghai.
The picture shows the sea of rapeseed flowers on the shore of Qinghai Lake.
This spring, due to the need for epidemic prevention and control, road crossings have been set up in various places. Beekeepers have been blocked from "chasing flowers and honey". Many bees died because of missing flowering and lack of food, and beekeepers' income was seriously affected.
"All year round, beekeepers travel long distances following the flowering season, moving north from Yunnan and Sichuan all the way to the northwest region.
As a business, we have a responsibility to help them."
Wu Na said.
"Little bees are 'environmental scouts', and bees cannot survive in severely polluted areas." Zhao Xiaochuan, executive vice president of the China Bee Products Association, said that bee pollination is an important link in the ecological chain, which plays an irreplaceable role in protecting plant diversity and improving the ecological environment.
At the same time, bee pollination can increase the yield and quality of crops, especially in areas with extensive planting and poor management conditions, pollination is of greater significance.
Research data shows that pollination can increase the yield of rapeseed by about 15% - 30%.
The picture shows Zhao Xiaochuan (right), executive vice president of China Bee Products Association, promoting Qinghai bee products.
"The economic, ecological and social benefits created by bee pollination are far greater than the value of bee products themselves. The bee industry has great potential in terms of human health, crop production, vegetation reproduction and ecological protection, and people have always known little about it."
Zhao Xiaochuan said.
Nowadays, the number of beekeepers is getting smaller and smaller. Apart from beekeepers who travel all the year round, there are still many poor households with limited mobility who choose to participate in cooperatives with beehives.
"The state has financial support. We contacted technical personnel to help and guide. Beekeepers lack understanding and judgment of the market environment. To open up sales channels, they also need the help and coordination of the government, enterprises and industry associations."
Zhao Xiaochuan said.
"I hope everyone will pay more attention to and help beekeeping groups in the future," Wu Na said. "Our bee products are also strictly screened and controlled in accordance with national standards to ensure quality and protect consumer rights while helping beekeepers."
Affected by continuous rainfall, since July 22, the soil at the trailing edge of the Zhongtai Formation Zhongbao Landslide in Liujing Village, Wulong District, Chongqing has cracked, resulting in large-scale slip deformation, completely blocking the Cang River, and forming a dam with a water level of 13 meters in front of the dam and an estimated reservoir capacity of about 550,000 cubic meters.
In order to ensure the safety of navigation, the Chongqing maritime department decided to implement temporary traffic control over the waters from Shipan to Guanyintan in the Yangtze River.
According to the monitoring of the Chongqing Meteorological and Hydrological Department, since the 25th, it has been generally moderate to heavy rain in the central, western and northeastern parts of Chongqing, with heavy rain in some areas and heavy rain locally.
Fujiang Xiaoheba Station will have the highest water level on the evening of the 26th, and the highest water level is close to the warning level.
In order to ensure the safety of navigation, the Chongqing Maritime Department has decided to implement temporary traffic control over the waters from Shipan to Guanyintan in the Yangtze River.
After the Chongqing Municipal Office of Defense and the meteorological, water conservancy, hydrology and other departments and units urgently discussed and judged, the Chongqing Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters decided to issue the river flood level III early warning information and start the flood prevention level IV emergency response.
Chongqing Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters requires that Chongqing Jiangbei, Shapingba, Tongnan, Wulong and other districts and counties as well as relevant member units of Chongqing Municipality should pay close attention to the rainfall situation, especially the changes of the rising waters of the Yangtze River, Jialing River and Wujiang River, analyze and judge in advance, issue early warning, strengthen patrol duty, resolutely and decisively evacuate people in threatened areas, mobilize emergency rescue teams and materials in a timely manner, and avoid mass casualties and disasters quickly and efficiently.
Zheng Thi Xin, Minister Counselor of the Vietnamese Embassy in Laos, representatives from the Vietnamese Buddhist Association in Laos, the Lao Vietnamese General Association, representatives of the Vientiane Provincial Government, and Lao Veterans Association attended the memorial ceremony.
The memorial ceremony for the heroes and martyrs was held in a solemn and solemn atmosphere. Delegates successively offered incense to the heroes and martyrs, in memory of their great achievements and the special solidarity between Vietnam and Laos.
Minister Counsellor Zheng Thi Xin said in his speech that this is an opportunity for the old Vietnamese and Lao people to jointly commemorate the revolutionary heroes of the two countries and express their gratitude to the heroes and martyrs who sacrificed for the independence and freedom of the two countries. It is also a good opportunity for the two peoples to recall the two countries working side by side to fight the common enemy, strive for national independence, national reunification, jointly build national development and consolidate bilateral relations.
Seventy-four years ago, on January 23, 1946, 28 soldiers of the Lao-Vietnam Combat Alliance died heroically while attacking the Phonehe stronghold.
The victory of the offensive was a historic victory for the two countries in the early stage of the revolutionary struggle for national liberation.
Ms. Zheng said that the people of the two countries will always remember the heroes who sacrificed their lives for the national liberation struggle of the two countries. She also stressed that the younger generations of the two countries will continue to carry forward the heroic and strong traditions of the older generations, and make due contributions to the continuous blossoming of Vietnam-Laos relations and the prosperity and development of the two countries.
Milestone crossing!
Inter Milan unlocks 3000th Serie A match - ChinaNews.com
Chinanews client, July 26th. In the early morning of the 26th Beijing time, the traditional giants of Serie A, Inter Milan, ushered in a milestone battle.
According to Italian media statistics, the away game against Genoa is the 3000th Serie A game in the history of Inter Milan, and the Nerazzurri is also the first team to unlock this milestone.
Inter are the only team that has never missed Serie A since the league was restructured in 1929, and the only team that has never been relegated.
According to Italian media reports, the match between Inter Milan and Genoa is the 3000th game in the history of the Nerazzurri.
In this milestone battle, Inter Milan defeated Genoa by three goals away.
Lukaku scored twice, and Sanchez, who came off the bench, also contributed a goal.
The game entered the rhythm of Inter Milan from the start, and the storm finally turned into a goal in the 34th minute.
Biraghi made a cross from the left, and Lukaku flanked the goal with a header from the middle.
In the 82nd minute, Inter Milan followed suit. Moses made a cross from the right, and Sanchez flanked and pushed the shot in the middle. Before the end, Lukaku scored twice, and Brozovic sent a long-distance through in the counterattack. Lukaku broke into the penalty area and passed Romero and then pushed the empty goal to score the score at 3:0.
Inter Milan defeated Genoa 3-0 away, surpassed Atalanta in points and moved up to the second place, trailing the leader Juventus by 4 points in the case of one more game, and still retained the hope of winning the title.
So far, in the 3,000 Serie A matches spanning nearly 90 years, Inter Milan have won 1,489 games, drawn 834 games, and lost 677 games, with a winning rate of 49.6%.
During this period, the team scored 5,038 goals and conceded 3,102 goals, averaging 1.68 goals per game.
The Nerazzurri have won the league 18 times and have never been relegated.
The statement said the drone fell in Lebanon while the Israeli military was performing a mission near the "Blue Line" on the border between Israel and Lebanon.
The statement did not mention why the drone went down.
Israeli media reported that the drone may have crashed due to a malfunction.
According to reports, Israeli Deputy Prime Minister and Defense Minister Gantz said during his inspection of northern Israel that afternoon that Israel will continue to take action against Syria and Lebanon in order to ensure its security interests.
Israel has long regarded Lebanon's Hezbollah as a major security threat, and accused Iran of sending weapons to Lebanon's Hezbollah via the Syrian land corridor. The situation near the Israeli-Lebanon border has been tense at times.
Israel has repeatedly carried out air strikes on targets in Syria on the grounds of striking the group.
Liu Yunlong, an old face of a spy war drama, plays a stuttering actor - Xinhua English.news.cn
Produced by Liu Yunlong, directed by Yin Fei, and starring Liu Yunlong, Su Qing, Liang Guanhua, Li Liqun, etc., the large-scale spy drama "Winning Odds" landed on Guangdong Satellite TV's "Dynamic Theater" at 7:30 pm on July 16.
The drama tells the story of Tang Fei (played by Liu Yunlong), an underground member of the Communist Party of China who was lurking in the Japanese and puppet police stations, and Soviet agents to assassinate the leader of the Japanese agents and smash the shocking conspiracy of the Japanese army.
"Winning Odds" is adapted from historical facts, and the material is taken from the dusty Soviet military archives for many years.
During the defense of Moscow, the elites of the Soviet Red Army from the Far East marched westward for assistance. At this time, the "northern faction" of the Japanese Kwantung Army thought it had an opportunity and wanted to send troops.
In order to relieve the danger of being attacked by the enemy, the CCP and the Soviet Communist intelligence personnel jointly implemented the "Mudan-Ula" plan.
Based on this historical background, the well-known screenwriter Deng Yuan has been polished several times, making the plot twists and turns.
Liu Yunlong is the producer and actor in "Winning Odds" at the same time.
In the play, he plays Tang Fei, the chief of the criminal department of the Linhe Police Department, a stuttering policeman with a sense of joy and even a little rudeness, and his real identity is an underground member of the Communist Party of China.
Cai Meng, the heroine who plays the opposite play, is the chief of the Linhe Security Bureau, who is highly appreciated by the Japanese boss Fukuhara, and there is an ambiguous and ambiguous relationship with Tang Fei.
Su Qing has tried many different types of roles in recent years, from Lu Ruowen in "Those Years We Were Young" to Erqing in "Story of Yanxi Palace", all of them left a deep impression on the audience and their acting skills were recognized.
This time Su Qing and Liu Yunlong are partners for the first time. The setting of the stammer sheriff and the charming policewoman is quite interesting and innovative.
In addition to the two protagonists, many powerful actors such as Liang Guanhua, Li Liqun, Qian Bo, Lei Han, and Shen Junyi have joined in "Winning Odds". The old drama is also one of the highlights of the play.
It is understood that the production of "Winning Odds" is also very sophisticated. The crew spanned nearly 2,000 kilometers to shoot scenes in Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Liaoning provinces.
In order to restore the bizarre cityscape during the Japanese colonial period in Northeast China, the art and props team of the production crew worked day and night to carefully polish every detail of the scene construction and props, so that the scenes in the play were exquisite and full of historical texture.
16 killed in floods in two western Yemen provinces - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Kuwait City, July 26 (Reporter Nie Yunpeng, Wang Wei) Sana'a News: According to local Yemeni media reports on the 26th, heavy rains have hit Hodeidah and Hajj provinces in western Yemen, and the floods have killed at least 16 people in the past 48 hours.
Thirteen people were killed in floods caused by rains in Hodeidah province, while three people were killed in the floods in neighbouring Hajjah province, the report said.
In addition, dozens of houses in northern Hodeidah province and southern Hajj province were destroyed by floods, and some roads and farmland were also damaged to varying degrees.
Years of military conflict have caused Yemen's health system to nearly collapse.
According to statistics from the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, since 2017, the number of people infected with cholera in Yemen has exceeded 1 million, and the death toll has exceeded 2,000.
Yemeni medical institutions are concerned that continued flooding will lead to a resurgence of cholera.
"Jedi Attack" is released, fighting in the boxing ring and chasing dreams. - Xinhua English.news.cn
Directed by young director Gao Zhuangzhuang and starring Liao William, Dongyu, Yang Xinran, Wang Yibo, etc., the online movie "Jedi Attack" was officially released on iQIYI.
The film tells the story of Venus, a down-and-out boxer who returns to the ring and fights for dignity, and shows a passionate journey to chase dreams.
The movie "Jedi Attack" takes Thailand as the main plot and uses "Muay Thai" as the starting point for the dream of the down-to-earth boxing champion Venus. The whole story is adapted from traditional Chinese cultural values. Whether it is Venus's determination to fight fake boxing for Master in the early stage, or his later efforts to regain his dignity with the support of friends and lovers, it shows the male's pursuit of big family and dreams in traditional Chinese culture.
Combining the classic Hollywood sports movie story mode and the strong cooperation of professional teams from China and Thailand, "Jedi Attack" not only presents an international effect, but also will impress different types of audiences.
At the same time, "Jedi Attack" shows a lot of Muay Thai fighting and training plots, and the scenes are intense and bloody.
In the film, Zhang Xiaoliang, a game designer played by Dongyu, helps Venus, played by William Liao, to return to the boxing ring and win the crown through a fighting game. It combines novel and interesting high-tech with passionate competitive competitions. It also shows the brotherhood between Zhang Xiaoliang and Venus, who appear to be "different" but have the same goal.
In addition, the long-lasting love between Venus and Jingjing is also very touching. Jingjing's silent support for Venus and Venus' firm commitment to Jingjing have made the audience see the "tenderness" of Venus, which also added a lot of human touch to the down-to-earth boxer.
Four departments unite!
Start App's Illegal Collection and Use of Personal Information Governance - Chinanews.com
2020-07-26 15:18:27 Source: CCTV Author: Zhu Yanjing Editor in charge: Zhu Yanjing
Start the App's illegal collection and use of personal information governance.
The National Information Security Standardization Technical Committee, China Consumers Association, China Internet Association, China Cyberspace Security Association, and relevant professional evaluation agencies attended the meeting.
The Working Group for Governance of the Illegal Collection and Use of Personal Information by Apps uses two specialized channels, the WeChat Official Account ("App Personal Information Reporting") and the website (pip.tc260.org.cn), to accept clues and reports from the majority of netizens regarding the illegal collection and use of personal information.
At the same time, the majority of netizens can also report and reflect illegal acts to platforms such as the Illegal and Bad Information Reporting Center (www.12377.cn), the Internet Bad and Spam Reporting Center (www.12321.cn) and other platforms.
CCTV reporter Zhang Gang
Greenland starts a new round of mixed-ownership reform, Shanghai state-owned assets intends to transfer 17.5% of shares - Economic Observer - Professional Financial News Website
Economic Observer reporter Rao Xianjun On July 26, Greenland Holdings (600606.SH) issued the "Informative Announcement on State-owned Shareholders' Proposal to Transfer Part of the Company's Shares and Resumption of Trading by Agreement through Public Solicitation of Transferees".
According to the announcement, in order to further deepen the reform of state-owned assets and state-owned enterprises, optimize the structure adjustment of state-owned assets, and improve the equity structure of greenland, Shanghai Real Estate (Group) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Shanghai Real Estate") and Shanghai Urban Investment (Group) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Shanghai Urban Investment") plan to transfer part of the company's shares through public solicitation of transferees. The total proportion of shares to be transferred shall not exceed 17.5% of the total share capital of Greenland.
The price of the shares to be transferred this time shall not be lower than the higher of the following two: the arithmetic average of the daily weighted average price of the 30 trading days before the reminder announcement date (July 27, 2020); the audited net asset value per share of the company in the latest fiscal year.
At present, there is still no conclusion on the new strategic investor of Greenland. According to the information published in the announcement, the new strategic investor needs to pay about 14 billion yuan to take over the 17.5% equity transferred in the mixed reform of Greenland.
It is worth noting that after the completion of this share transfer, it is expected that Greenland will still have no controlling shareholder and actual controller, but the control structure may undergo major changes.
Since its establishment, Greenland Holdings has carried out several institutional reforms: from 1992 to 1997, it operated under a purely state-owned system in accordance with market-oriented rules; from 1997 to 2013, it established and continuously improved the shareholding system of state-owned holding and employee stock ownership; from 2013 to 2015, it introduced strategic investors to form a mixed ownership system of cross-shareholding and mutual integration of state-owned and non-public capital; since 2015, it has been listed as a public company as a whole.
Greenland's current mixed reform plan is similar to that of Gree. In December 2019, Hillhouse Capital led Zhuhai Mingjun to take over a 15% stake in Gree Electric Appliances (000651.SZ) for 41.662 billion yuan, and Gree Group stepped back as a minority shareholder. After completing the mixed reform, Gree Electric Appliances implemented a modern enterprise management method such as an executive incentive plan and a structure without actual controllers.
Shanghai Real Estate and Shanghai Urban Investment are both state-owned enterprise groups wholly owned by the Shanghai State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission. Zhang Yuliang, chairman and president of Greenland Holdings, said that Greenland's move is an important measure for Shanghai to promote comprehensive reform of state-owned assets and state-owned enterprises and accelerate a new stage of reform of state-owned assets and state-owned enterprises in accordance with the requirements of the CPC Central Committee.
Inter-provincial travel resumes, and the country's first inter-provincial train travels by train - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Hangzhou, July 25 (Reporter Li Ping) At 12:20 on July 25, more than 200 tourists from Shanghai who took the D771 high-speed train successfully arrived in Lanxi City, Zhejiang Province. This is also the first cross-provincial train travel across the country since the Ministry of Culture and Tourism resumed cross-province (district, city) team tours on July 14.
Located in Lanxi City in the central and western part of Zhejiang Province, it has beautiful scenery. There are many scenic spots such as Zhuge Bagua Village, Underground Changhe, Zhiyan Ancient Village, etc. During the two-day and one-night trip, more than 200 Shanghai tourists will experience these attractions one by one.
Li Li, deputy general manager of Shanghai Railway International Tourism (Group) Co., Ltd., said that according to the latest policies, the company closely followed the needs of inter-provincial travel, communicated with Lanxi City as soon as possible, and carefully launched the "Shanghai to Lanxi" and "Summer two-day tour to the Netherlands" products. The products were sold out in less than a week.
Aunt Sun from Shanghai said that because of the epidemic, she has not gone out this year.
"I've been bored at home for a long time. As soon as I saw a group tour, I immediately shared the news with my friends and signed up. I've never been to Lanxi before, and I'm looking forward to this tour." Auntie Sun said.
It is understood that in September last year, Lanxi City and Shanghai Railway International Tourism (Group) Co., Ltd. signed a strategic cooperation agreement for the "High-speed Rail Tour in Lanxi" project, planning to run 12 high-speed rail travel special trains from Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Shanghai and Anhui to Lanxi within one year.
I slapped myself?
US White House advisers "bite back" states to resume work too early - Xinhua English.news.cn
White House advisers "bite back" states to resume work prematurely
On July 23, local time, the number of confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia in the United States exceeded 4 million, accounting for 30% of the global cases.
For several months, US President Trump has repeatedly asked states across the country to resume work and school. Only recently did he change his attitude and take the initiative to wear masks in public, and his advisers even said that some state governments resumed work prematurely.
On the 22nd, White House presidential adviser Kellyanne Conway said at a news conference that some state governments did not comply with the reopening standards and reopened places such as bars prematurely.
Conway also mentioned that the previous suggestion that the president has "absolute power" to decide on the reopening of states is a misinformation rumor.
"The president is a federalist, and he believes in the autonomy of the states."
She defended Trump.
However, the "rumor" in Conway's mouth was uttered by Trump himself at the White House epidemic briefing on April 13.
This self-smacking operation was ridiculed by netizens as "rewriting history".
Kellyanne Conway wants to rewrite history, she's a liar.
Trump called Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer a dictator because she followed medical guidelines and insisted on the shutdown.
Trump wants to push for a return to work so he can hold rallies.
This isn't the first time Kellyanne Conway has caused controversy.
Conway blurted out in an April 15 interview with Fox News: "It's COVID-19, not COVID-1, friends!"
She seemed to understand "19" as a version number, and was ridiculed by netizens: If you don't have common sense, just read the newspaper!
Is it reasonable to sue the school after a 3-year-old child is smashed in the playground at the university?
2020-07-26 05:01:11 Source: Legal Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Responsible Editor: Wang Sishuo
The playground was smashed, and the children sued the school after being compensated
□ Our correspondent Zhao Yifan
When 3-year-old Xiaowen was playing in a university playground, he was accidentally hit in the head by Chen of the softball team while throwing a ball.
After Chen's compensation, Xiaowen's father, Mr. Wen, as Xiaowen's legal representative, sued the school to the court, demanding an apology from the school where the incident took place, and paying medical expenses and mental injury compensation totaling 20,000 yuan.
Recently, after hearing the case, the Haidian District People's Court of Beijing held that the school had set up a protective net in the playground at the time of the incident, had fulfilled its proper safety guarantee obligations, and Chen had paid compensation, and accordingly dismissed the plaintiff's claim.
Mr. Wen complained that during the summer vacation of 2019, he took Xiao Wen to play in the school playground, when the softball team was training on the playground.
In order to avoid the resulting risks, Xiaowen, Mr. Wen and many other children and their parents played in the safe area designated by the softball team.
But then Chen, a member of the softball team, dropped his hand while pitching, causing the softball to fly over the net to the above-mentioned safe area and hit Xiaowen in the back of the head.
Mr. Wen immediately took Xiaowen to the hospital for treatment and was diagnosed with head trauma.
Mr. Wen believes that the school stadium facilities do not meet the relevant safety regulations, and the team and related facilities are not effectively managed.
The school's negligence led to the above-mentioned incidents, which caused Xiaowen to suffer tremendous physical and mental pain, and also brought great pain to his family, for which the school should bear legal responsibility.
In this regard, the school argues that the school has set up a protective net in the playground, and posted management regulations and training notices, informing that entering the playground must keep a safe distance from the training ground and reminding them to pay attention to their own safety. The plaintiff cannot prove that the school "has not fulfilled its safety guarantee obligations", so it does not agree to compensation.
After hearing the court, the court held that the site where the incident occurred was a site open to the public free of charge by the university involved. Although the school has a safety guarantee obligation for the management of the playground, this safety guarantee obligation only needs to meet the general duty of care.
At the time of the incident, the school set up a protective net in the playground, and it has fulfilled its proper safety guarantee obligations, and Chen also compensated Xiaowen for medical expenses, transportation expenses and other losses of more than 2,000 yuan in accordance with the compensation agreement previously reached. The two parties agreed to settle the dispute at one time.
After the incident, Xiaowen's parents again claimed compensation from the school, which was unfounded in the law, and the court dismissed all the plaintiff's claims.
Neither party appealed the verdict, which is now in effect.
According to Article 37 of China's Tort Liability Law, schools, as managers of public places, have the obligation to ensure safety; in the event that the behavior of a third party causes damage to others, the third party shall bear the tort liability, and the managers of public places who fail to fulfill the obligation of security protection shall bear corresponding supplementary liabilities.
The judge said that as the manager of a public place, he is most likely to understand the actual situation of the entire place, to foresee possible dangers and damages, and thus to take necessary measures to prevent the occurrence of losses or to mitigate the extent of the damages, and the cost of avoiding and mitigating the occurrence of damages is the lowest. Therefore, the law stipulates that he should undertake the corresponding protection obligations for social activities.
In this case, for unspecified groups of people entering the playground open to the public free of charge, the school's safety guarantee obligation should be compatible with the social activities it engages in. Specifically, it should mainly take basic safety measures and have the obligation to inform about hidden dangers.
In judicial practice, it is not appropriate to impose excessive safety guarantee obligations on public place managers.
If the school has taken measures to set up a protective net and fulfill its obligation to inform, it can be determined that the school is not at fault and should not bear legal responsibility.
In addition, for third-party torts, even if the administrators of public places such as schools fail to fulfill their safety guarantee obligations, their liabilities are supplemented as compensation for damages. According to the latest Civil Code, after the administrators assume supplementary liability, they can also claim compensation from the third party.
Therefore, in such an accident, after the victim has received compensation from the direct infringer, the scope of compensation should not be expanded.
Under the normalization of epidemic prevention and control, people's enthusiasm for exercise and fitness is soaring.
With the gradual liberalization of the inter-provincial tourism business, the tourism market will soon usher in a recovery.
Fujian Province resumed inter-provincial tourism business from July 21. On the first weekend after opening, Xiamen, a popular tourist destination, ushered in the peak of passenger flow.
As a popular tourist destination city, there are many tourists who arrive in Xiamen on weekends.
Xiamen Railway Station is expected to send 3.7 million passengers during the summer season, while the passenger flow at the airport is dominated by students, tourists, and visiting relatives.
The tourism market is gradually picking up. In July, Xiamen Airport operated an average of 440 sorties per day, and domestic flights have returned to 80% of pre-epidemic levels.
Airlines have encrypted air express lines from Xiamen to major cities such as Shanghai, Beijing, Kunming, and Xi'an to seize the recovered tourism market.
At present, a number of travel agencies in Xiamen have successively launched a batch of domestic cross-provincial travel products for summer vacation, and the group trips are mainly outdoor attractions.
In response to the peak of summer passenger traffic at railway stations and airports, relevant units have deployed additional personnel at check-in counters, security check passages and other areas where personnel are easy to gather to provide guidance. Fujian has also optimized and upgraded the "Bamin Health Code", realizing the sharing and mutual recognition of health data with 31 provinces, and promoting the orderly recovery of the tourism market.
Can Andy Andy Liu Qingyun "dismantle" new sparks? - Xinhua English.news.cn
"The Hurt Locker 2" was recently announced to be released on December 24, becoming the first film to be scheduled for the Lunar New Year.
The second part is still directed by Qiu Litao, produced and starred by Andy Lau, and starts with a new story.
It is reported that the addition of the "nuclear bomb" element in the second part also makes the challenge faced by the bomb disposal experts even more difficult. Several glimpses of the footage in the preview have made people feel anxious. The mushroom cloud of the big explosion and the airport engulfed by the fire are quite shocking.
Three years ago, "The Bomb Defenders" produced by the original team won the May 1st box office championship of the year, and won 7 nominations at the Hong Kong Film Awards. Qiu Litao x Andy Lau also became the gold medal partner in the hearts of the audience.
The "Bomb Defenders 2" also makes people look forward to whether this pair of trump cards can create new sparks.
"Bomb disposal expert 2" tells a brand-new story: Pan Chengfeng (Andy Lau), a former bomb disposal expert, fainted at the scene of the bombing and was listed as a suspect by the police.
In order to find out the truth, he has to seek help from his friend Dong Zhuowen (played by Liu Qingyun), who is also a bomb disposal expert.
The female inspector who is eager to solve the case, Pang Ling (Ni Ni), who is also Pan Chengfeng's ex-girlfriend, is also involved.
He is still a bomb disposal expert, but he can feel the complexity of Andy Lau's new role from the preview of the final file: he has a broken leg, wears a prosthesis, while being chased by Liu Qingyun, who is also a bomb disposal expert, while being directed by his ex-girlfriend Ni Ni.
What is the relationship between the three, what exactly did Andy Lau did at the Xiangdao Hotel, what kind of cases he was involved in, and what twists and turns did he go through in the career of the bomb disposal expert? All kinds of mysteries make people curious.
It is understood that the main part of the film is the scene of the world's landmark buildings in Hong Kong, coupled with the top special effects production team, bringing shocking and realistic visual impact.
(Reporter Nie Qing)
China News Service, July 26. According to a comprehensive Russian satellite network report, July 26 is the Russian Navy Day, and the main military parades to celebrate the Navy Day were held in St. Petersburg and Kronstadt.
Russian President Vladimir Putin, Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation, arrived in Kronstadt to participate in the celebration, where 15 ships and submarines were inspected.
On July 28, 2019 local time, a grand military parade was held in St. Petersburg, Russia to celebrate the Navy Day.
According to reports, Putin congratulated the navy officers and soldiers on the Navy Day, and passed by a small boat on the Gulf of Finland next to the ships that will participate in the sea parade, and then reviewed the troops under review at the main ceremonial platform.
Putin said that the Russian navy fleet is equipped with the latest ships and special equipment, and the equipment level is constantly improving.
"The Russian navy fleet has warships equipped with high-precision weapons, strategic diving cruisers and multipurpose submarines, aircraft such as the latest aircraft, unique weapons and special equipment," Putin said at a military parade on Russian Navy Day.
On June 24, local time, Russia held a military parade on Red Square to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the victory in the Great Patriotic War.
He also said that the Russian naval fleet will gain a unique advantage through digitalization and effective defense.
According to the report, the main naval parades to celebrate the Russian Navy Day were held in St. Petersburg and Kronstadt. A total of 46 ships participated, including the "Admiral Kasatonov" frigate, the "Admiral Kulakov" large anti-submarine ship, as well as large landing ships, small missile ships, frigates, submarines and so on.
Among them, a series of ships are statically displayed beside the Hermitage Bridge in St. Petersburg, the most eye-catching of which is the replica of the first Russian battleship "Poltava" in the early 18th century.
In order to avoid the spread of the new crown virus, only local residents and special guests are allowed to enter Kronstadt during this year's naval parade.
The last Sunday in July is Russian Navy Day.
Yang Hongnian, founder of Beijing Philharmonic Choir, dies at 86
Beijing News (Reporter Liu Zhen) On July 26, the Beijing Philharmonic Chorus issued an obituary. Yang Hongnian, the founder of the Beijing Philharmonic Chorus, a famous conductor and music educator in China, a lifelong academic committee member of the Central Conservatory of Music and a professor of the Conducting Department, died in Beijing at 13:55 on July 26, 2020 at the age of 86 due to invalid medical treatment.
The picture is from the official website of the Beijing Philharmonic Chorus.
Yang Hongnian was born in 1934 in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province. He loved music since childhood.
In 1951, he served as the conductor of the chorus of Nanjing People's Broadcasting Station. In the autumn of 1951, he was admitted to the Music Department of East China Normal University in Shanghai. He studied conducting under the tutelage of Professor Yang Jiaren and German conductor Hizman, and studied form and polyphony from the former Soviet Union expert Arzamanov.
In 1958, he taught in the Department of Music of Beijing Normal University of Arts, and in 1973, he was transferred to the Department of Composition and Conducting of the Central Conservatory of Music to teach.
Yang Hongnian founded the Beijing Philharmonic Chorus in 1983.
For more than 30 years, he has been adhering to the tenet of "love and dedication", leading this choir to sing all over the world, and has won dozens of awards in important competitions at home and abroad.
He has conducted the performances of more than 30 groups including the Central Orchestra Chorus, the Central National Song and Dance Ensemble, the Oriental Song and Dance Ensemble, and the Shanghai Chorus, and held many symphony concerts and choral concerts.
His works include "Band Training", "Choral Training", "Two Song Writing", "Children's Songs" (Volume 1 and 2), and essays "On the Problem of Choral Intometry", "On the Sound Level Layout of Orchestral Music", and translated "The Method of Chorus Orchestration" and "Debussy's Harmony Language".
China News Service, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporter Liu Xian) Chongqing Municipal Development and Reform Commission announced on the 26th that 4,404 fishermen have been repatriated in the city so far, accounting for 42.54% of all fishermen involved.
Li Daiguo, 53, said in an interview with a reporter from Chinanews.com that his grandfather fished in the Longxi River, and he followed his father fishing since he was 11 years old. He rode a boat along the Longxi River, up to Liangping, Chongqing, and down to Changshou. Every time he left home for ten and a half months, he depended on fishing to support his family.
However, since 1997, with the gradual influx of rural population into Changzhen, the number of residents in Gaoanchang Town has become more and more serious, and the resulting environmental pollution has become more and more serious.
Paper mills, chemical plants, and breeding farms have been built along the Longxi River, which also pollute the river.
By 2007 and 2008, the Longxi River had become a stinking ditch.
"The scales of the fish that were caught were black, and the inside was also black when cut open."
Li Daiguo said that fishing is becoming more and more difficult after the river is polluted.
The local area began to make great efforts to control the pollution of the Longxi River, including clearing, river patrol, and aquatic resources management and protection.
Li Daiguo also retired from fishermen and changed production and became a member of the river patrol team to manage and protect aquatic resources.
From January 1, 2020, the aquatic life reserve in Chongqing and the relevant waters in the main urban area have implemented a comprehensive ban on fishing.
According to the data of the Chongqing Municipal Development and Reform Commission, as of now, Chongqing has accumulatively withdrawn 3,403 fishing vessels and signed 4,643 fishing vessels with withdrawal agreements, accounting for 63.3% and 86.3% of the three-year total tasks, respectively.
4,404 fishermen have been repatriated, accounting for 42.54% of all fishermen involved.
Among the 4,404 people who have withdrawn their catch, 4,267 people have been employed, accounting for 96.89% of the fishermen who have withdrawn from the catch.
The endowment insurance coverage covers 2,691 people, accounting for 61.10% of the fishermen returning from fishing.
In the next step, Chongqing will carry out various special rectification actions, accelerate the clean-up and rectification of shoreline utilization projects on the Yangtze River, complete a new round of Yangtze River sewage outfall census and carry out corresponding rectification actions, basically complete the "three phosphorus" (referring to phosphate rock, phosphate chemical and phosphogypsum reservoirs) rectification tasks, small hydropower clean-up and rectification work, promote the special campaign for afforestation and greening on both sides of the Yangtze River, strengthen the construction of green mines, and strengthen the construction of green mines, and strengthen the illegal sand catchment and illegal docks in the Yangtze River area.
Israel strengthens repeated prevention and control of the epidemic - Teller Report Teller Report
2020-07-26 04:56:44 Source: Guangming Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Editor in charge: Wang Sishuo
Israel strengthens repeated prevention and control of epidemic
At the beginning of the outbreak of the new crown pneumonia epidemic, Israel's prevention and control measures have achieved remarkable results.
However, with the gradual lifting of prevention and control measures, the number of confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia in Israel has recently increased significantly. The Israeli government has repeatedly taken emergency measures to strengthen the prevention and control of the epidemic.
On February 28, the first case of new coronary pneumonia was confirmed in Israel, and all ports of entry and exit were quickly closed, non-essential industries were suspended, schools switched to online classes, public transportation and non-essential social activities were restricted, cities with severe epidemics were blocked, and the military and police jointly maintained prevention and control measures.
This series of measures quickly achieved positive results. By mid-May, the number of new confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia in Israel dropped back to single digits in a single day.
With the epidemic under control, various prevention and control measures in Israel have been fully lifted. Since June, the number of newly diagnosed cases of new coronary pneumonia has gradually rebounded.
Especially after entering July, the spread of the epidemic has been accelerating.
In recent days, Israel's daily new cases have exceeded 1,500 for eight days. As of press time on July 25, the number of new cases on that day reached 916.
As of July 25, Israel had 59,745 confirmed cases and 448 deaths.
Facing the rapid rebound of the epidemic, the Israeli government has repeatedly taken emergency measures to strengthen the prevention and control of the epidemic.
On July 6, after the number of confirmed cases exceeded 30,000, the Israeli government closed gyms, swimming pools, bars, nightclubs and other public entertainment venues, and introduced a policy to restrict public transportation, stipulating that each bus can carry no more than 20 passengers.
On the 17th, the Israeli government announced a series of new restrictive measures, including the implementation of the "city closure" on weekends, stipulating that the "city closure" should be implemented from 17:00 every Friday to 5 o'clock every Sunday.
During this period, people can go out, but places such as shops, shopping malls, barber shops, beauty salons, libraries, zoos, museums, exhibition halls, swimming pools and tourist attractions will be closed, while essential services such as supermarkets and pharmacies will remain open.
At the same time, gatherings of more than 10 people are banned on all days and times, gyms, studios and other venues will be closed, restaurants and cafes are prohibited from dine-in, and only takeaway services are allowed.
At the same time, the Israeli people did not pay enough attention to the seriousness of the epidemic, and failed to form synergy with the government in fighting the epidemic.
After repeated outbreaks in Israel, many people took to the streets to protest because the government's prevention and control measures affected their economic interests.
On July 11, tens of thousands of people held demonstrations in Tel Aviv, believing that the anti-epidemic policy affected the economy.
On the evening of the 21st, thousands of protesters gathered in front of Prime Minister Netanyahu's official residence in Jerusalem to protest against Prime Minister Netanyahu's promulgation of prevention and control measures such as banning restaurants and cafes without corresponding compensation.
In addition, many people do not abide by the rules of wearing masks and maintaining a safe social distance of two meters when they are outdoors. In order to avoid being fined by the police for not wearing a mask, many people only wear masks on their chins or on their wrists.
During the repeated epidemic, the school is the hardest hit area of the spread of the new crown virus. According to the reporter's recent visit to the kindergarten here, it was found that the teachers and students of the kindergarten did not wear masks as required by the government, nor did they maintain a safe social distance of two meters from each other.
Professor Eli Waxman, a member of the Israeli National Security Council's expert advisory panel against the epidemic, believes that Israel is moving towards a "dangerous situation", pointing out that the current epidemic prevention and control measures taken by Israel are not enough, and all leisure, entertainment venues and summer schools should be closed to control the further spread of the epidemic.
Waxman said that Israel lacks an overall plan to fight the epidemic. The parliament and various government departments should abandon their own interests as soon as possible, reach an agreement on the fight against the epidemic, and formulate clear steps including relevant restrictions in different sectors.
Tel Aviv, July 25 - Our correspondent in Tel Aviv, Wang Jiong
Wu Fengfang, a farmer from Guyuan, Ningxia, couldn't beat his wife Dai Tianfu. The two of them drove to Liangyun Cultural Compound from their home 20 miles away by car.
Despite the inconvenience of his legs and feet for the past two years, Dai Tianfu, 77, still counts on "come here every third and fifth to play tricks".
This is an inconspicuous courtyard in Yuanzhou District, Guyuan City. Unlike ordinary farmhouses, the melodious Qin Opera is often heard in the courtyard, as well as splendid shadow puppet plays, embroidery works, traditional Qin Opera, and Meihu Operas.
The owner of the compound is Liang Yun, a former carpenter.
More than 10 years ago, he was fond of shadow puppetry and singing, and he began to plan the construction of a cultural compound.
With Liangyun Cultural Courtyard, the cultural life of the villagers has become rich and colorful.
Before the reporter walked into the Liangyun Cultural Compound, the tune of Qin Opera had already spread.
It was Bai Lixiang, a villager from the neighboring village, who was singing an excerpt of the Qin Opera for the villagers.
She has been fond of Qin Opera since childhood, and now she is a little famous in the local area. Whenever she has free time, she will come to the cultural compound to perform for the villagers.
Recently, Bai Lixiang also played webcast.
Bai Lixiang said: "It is a very happy thing to have a stage for more people to see her performance."
On the stage, the singers were stern and the players were playing tunes and tunes. Although they were amateurs, their enthusiasm was undiminished.
Just like the rustic style of the farmhouse, in addition to the Qin Opera, the "grass-roots" art and intangible cultural heritage in the Liangyun Cultural Court are coming.
The compound also collects more than 300 physical objects such as farming tools of different ages, traditional and handmade tile sculptures, paper-cuts, embroidery, shadow play, etc.
Liang Yun led the reporter into the exhibition hall in the courtyard, which displayed the old objects in his collection, such as old jugs, sanxianzi, spinning wheels and so on.
Why did an ordinary farmer build a cultural compound?
"Shadow puppetry is my family craft, I've been learning it since I was 15."
Liangyun Cultural Courtyard was established in 2012, becoming the first rural "intangible cultural heritage exhibition hall" in Ningxia, and it is also a demonstration compound for the protection of intangible cultural heritage in Guyuan City.
In addition to Liangyun Cultural Compound, there are more than 120 cultural compounds and 79 folk performance groups in Yuanzhou District of Guyuan City. Among them, there are more than 50 cultural compounds of a certain scale, such as Shenjiahe Cultural Compound, Wang Yonghong Cultural Compound, Yanglang Cultural Compound, etc., covering all towns and streets in Yuanzhou District, with more than 5,000 performers.
These grassroots artists are active in the fields, enriching the cultural life of the masses and satisfying their spiritual needs.
"As life gets better and better, traditional culture cannot just be left behind."
"Liu's spy war drama" returns again to "Winning Odds" to see Liu Yunlong and Li Liqun's opponent "booming drama" - Xinhua English.news.cn
The 40-episode spy drama "Odds of Victory" will be launched on Beijing Satellite TV from July 16.
"Winning Odds" is based on real historical facts and is based on the Soviet military archives that have been dusty for many years and have been published for the first time.
Liu Yunlong, an actor known to the audience as a "spy war drama", broke through his image in the play and challenged a "stuttering agent" with a sense of humor.
In recent years, the popularity of dramas such as "The Pretender", "Mask" and "Kite" have proved that spy war dramas have strong vitality.
Unlike previous spy works, "Winning Odds" looks at the world and extends the background of the story to the Soviet Far East battlefield.
Based on the background of the final stage of the Anti-Japanese War in 1944, it tells the story of Tang Fei (played by Liu Yunlong), a secret intelligence worker of the Chinese Communist Party, who, under the leadership of the secretary of the Linhe Provincial Party Committee of the Chinese underground party and the director of the Soviet Far East Intelligence Bureau, executed the "Mudanwula" strategic operation of the Soviet Far East Intelligence Bureau.
In many spy war dramas, the male protagonist, as a senior spy, is the perfect image of handsome, high IQ and mature.
But in Liu Yunlong's opinion, such a person is not suitable for being a spy. "A spy should be the kind of person who can't be found in the crowd. If you appear in a very handsome image, you can't wait for everyone to pay attention to you. Can you hide? There is a line in "Kite", 'If you don't come to arrest me, I will forget that I am a KMT', and the spy should be elitist."
Therefore, in "Winning Odds", Liu Yunlong ingeniously designed his protagonist, Tang Fei, as a "stuttering agent" with a sense of joy.
The other camp in "Winning Odds" is supported by the Japanese Fukuhara played by Liang Guanhua and Fang Shibao, the police chief played by Li Liqun.
The two powerful actors, one south and one north, have added a lot of highlights to the whole drama.
Director Yin Fei used the term "Biao Xi" to describe the antagonistic scenes between Li Liqun and Liu Yunlong in the play. "It is definitely a Biao Xi. The two of them have a special tacit understanding. The tacit understanding between them is very powerful for me. Many times their dramas are "hanging now". For example, we only wrote half a page.
The masters do not steal the show from each other, and the director does not interfere with the show. When the actors are all in the role and ensure their character status, they can not only shape the role from the perspective of the character, but also bring more viewing possibilities to the audience. Yin Fei said that such a play is good enough.
In the play, you can also see many familiar faces in "Liu's spy war drama". The famous and majestic "Mountain City F4" in "Kite" also gathered three in "Winning Odds".
Hou Yu and Liu Mingyang, who played Song Xiaoan and Zhao Jianzhi, once again played Tang Fei's right-hand man.
Director Yin Fei introduced, "These two people have no bad roots, they just drifted with the tide in that era and that environment."
Liu Yunlong also took the initiative to propose, "We must have a human touch. This human touch means that there must be good and bad people around me, and the bad people are enemies, but we must develop them, and our team must also grow."
The ending of the two people in the play was also carefully designed by Liu Yunlong, and he believes that he will give the audience a satisfactory answer.
(Reporter Qiu Wei)
4 students drowned in Arong Banner, Inner Mongolia Official: The incident sounded the alarm jqknews
China News Service, Hulunbuir, July 26 (Reporter Li Aiping) On the evening of the 25th, the reporter learned from the government of Arong Banner, Hulunbuir City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region that four local students died of drowning.
At 15:50 on July 24, Arong Banner Public Security Bureau 110 received a report that six junior high school students were drowning.
After receiving the alarm, the local police rushed to the scene as soon as possible and rescued two students on the spot. Subsequently, the local emergency bureau, water conservancy bureau and other units rushed to the scene and participated in the whole rescue.
According to reports, more than 80 people including public security police, forest police, firefighters, and medical personnel were dispatched to the rescue site, and three rubber boats were dispatched to continuously salvage the surrounding waters. A professional rescue team was hired to arrive at the scene and conduct underwater searches through sonar detection.
The reporter learned that local rescuers found the first student killed at 6:40 on July 25, the second student at 11:30 on the 25th, the third student at 12:40 on the 25th, and the last student at 13:34 on the 25th.
Officials say the drowning has sounded the alarm for the whole society.
At present, the relevant departments of the local government are sorting out some drowning prevention knowledge, hoping that the tragedy will not happen again.
Xinhua News Agency, Hong Kong, July 25 (Xinhua) The Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government, Xu Zhengyu, said that Hong Kong's financial market remains active and operates in an orderly manner.
He expressed optimism about Hong Kong's financial stability and economy.
Xu Zhengyu said at a webinar co-organized by the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office in Toronto and the Hong Kong-Canada Chamber of Commerce (Canada) on the 24th (Toronto time) that Hong Kong is going through a difficult situation because of the "revision storm" and the new crown pneumonia epidemic.
The exchange rate of the Hong Kong dollar was stable and favored the strong-side convertibility guarantee level.
There are no clear signs of outflows from the banking system, instead, more than $11 billion has flowed in since June.
Total bank deposits have also continued to increase over the past few months, and there has been a flurry of public offerings in the stock market, which has seen an increase in market turnover.
Xu Zhengyu said that the new crown pneumonia epidemic has put pressure on the global economy and financial markets, but Hong Kong's basic advantages remain unchanged.
Hong Kong's many advantages, including geography, rule of law, high-speed communications, free flow of information and capital, and a simple and low tax system, have made Hong Kong a leading international financial center.
Xu Zhengyu pointed out that the SAR government has set aside HK$6 billion in the "Anti-epidemic Fund" to create about 30,000 time-limited jobs in the public and private sectors in the next two years, covering people with different skills and education.
To support the development of fintech, the SAR government has also launched the "Thousand Talents Program" to subsidize local fintech companies, start-ups and other companies with fintech-related businesses to create 1,000 new jobs, recruit local talents and enrich Hong Kong's fintech talent pool.
Looking ahead, Xu Zhengyu expressed optimism about Hong Kong's financial stability and economy.
He encouraged Canadian companies to make good use of Hong Kong's advantages and its status as an international financial center, international asset and wealth management center and global offshore RMB business hub to develop and invest in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area and nearby areas.
The Lancet praises China's anti-epidemic efforts and encourages countries to learn from experience - China News Service
The Lancet magazine published an article on the 25th that, as a country with a population of 1.4 billion and a size similar to that of Europe or the United States, the new crown epidemic has been effectively controlled at this stage, and there has been no large-scale transmission, which has largely controlled the domestic epidemic.
The article said that in the past decade, China has made a lot of investment in domestic research and public health construction, which has made China much more prepared for the new crown than it was for severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS).
The authors say that when the SARS outbreak occurred in 2002, China was initially ill-prepared, especially since the pathogen could not be identified.
When the novel coronavirus was discovered in December 2019, Chinese scientists were soon able to identify the virus species and shared the genome sequencing data internationally on January 11, 2020.
By the end of January, doctors from mainland China and Hong Kong had elucidated the clinical features of the virus, warning the world of the threat of the new coronavirus through research papers published in The Lancet.
China has also been at the forefront of vaccine research. Under the state of emergency, such research has been carried out very quickly and rigorously through close domestic cooperation. In May and July, the results of the progress of the early trials of the new crown vaccine developed in China were announced in The Lancet.
China's experience shows the importance of investing in national health and research systems to effectively improve laboratory capacity.
This is the basis for a rapid and effective national response to health emergencies and global health security.
Other countries, especially low-income and middle-income countries, are worth learning from and learning from.
In addition, China's experience proves that, on the basis of strong research, there must be a strong high-level decision-making based on scientific evidence decisively, so that the new crown epidemic can be effectively controlled.
The article emphasizes that governments and their leaders must respect science, understand its value, and act on it in the best way for society.
In the early stage of the outbreak, China's National Health and Construction Commission sent three groups of infectious disease experts to Wuhan to investigate the risk and spread of the new coronavirus. Their recommendations provided the basis for Wuhan's decision to "lock down the city" on January 23; when experts raised the necessity and urgency of building a shelter hospital, the government quickly made a decision and implemented it quickly; at the same time, the widespread participation of the community and the masses also brought the epidemic under control quickly and effectively.
The article concludes by emphasizing that in response to global health emergencies, countries need to strengthen global cooperation and jointly respond.
Main station reporter Yang Hong
Bai Jinhai, former inspector of Wuhai Municipal Committee of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, was expelled from the party.
China News Service, July 26, according to the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Commission for Discipline Inspection and Supervision: A few days ago, with the approval of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Party Committee, the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Commission for Discipline Inspection conducted a case review and investigation on the serious violation of discipline and law by Bai Jinhai, the former inspector of the Wuhai Municipal Party Committee.
After investigation, Bai Jinhai, as a party member and leading cadre, lost his ideals and beliefs, openly violated the party spirit and principles for his own self-interest, and confronted the inspection and rectification; his organizational concept was indifferent, he arranged transfer work for others in violation of regulations and accepted others' property in the selection and appointment of cadres; he was economically greedy, illegally ran a business to obtain huge profits, engaged in power and money transactions, and used power for personal gain; his life was corrupt, causing adverse effects.
Bai Jinhai seriously violated political discipline, organizational discipline, honesty discipline, and life discipline, constituted illegal duties and was suspected of accepting bribes and corruption crimes.
According to the "Regulations on Disciplinary Action of the Communist Party of China" and the "Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China" and other relevant regulations, after deliberation at the meeting of the Standing Committee of the Disciplinary Committee of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and approval of the Party Committee of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, it was decided to give Bai Jinhai a sanction of expulsion from the party and adjust the treatment he enjoys according to regulations; confiscated his illegal income; transferred his suspected crime to the procuratorial organ for review and prosecution according to law, and the property involved was transferred along with the case.
On the afternoon of the 25th local time, a small plane crashed into the top floor of a multi-storey residential building in Wesel, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, killing three people.
The Duisburg prosecutor, the Wesel County Police Department and the Wesel City Fire Department jointly issued a statement that evening that at about 14:40 that day, a two-seat small plane crashed into the residence on the top floor of a multi-storey residential building on Faberskamp Street in Wesel County, killing three people.
It took off from the city of Mull in the Ruhr district of North Rhine-Westphalia on the same day, stopped at the airport in Wesel County and took off again, and then crashed into a residential building.
The identity of the deceased may be a female occupant in the house that was hit and two passengers on a small plane.
A two-year-old child in the room suffered only minor injuries and was rescued safely.
The rest of the occupants of the house were not injured in the accident, but their emotions have not calmed down.
The scene of the scene reported by the German Press Agency showed that the house where the accident was involved was once billowed with thick smoke. After the firefighters extinguished the fire, it could be seen that the house was seriously damaged.
The cause of the plane crash is currently unknown.
"Rhine Post" quoted police sources as saying that there are clues that the plane may have disintegrated before hitting the residential building.
Police said several parts of the crashed plane were found in the vicinity of the accident scene.
The German Criminal Police is working with the Duisburg prosecutor and the German Federal Aviation Accident Investigation Agency to investigate the cause of the accident.
The reporter learned from the Chinese Consulate General in Düsseldorf on the same day that the embassy contacted the local police station and the fire department. According to the scene, there were no Chinese citizens among the casualties.
Singapore's Ministry of Health announced on the 26th that as of 12:00 that day, Singapore had added 481 new confirmed cases of the new crown, with a total of 50,369 confirmed cases and a total of 27 deaths.
Data show that of the newly confirmed cases, 5 are local community cases, 4 are imported cases, and the rest are foreign workers living in special dormitories.
Singapore's Ministry of Health said 98% of the new confirmed cases were linked to known infections.
There are still 173 new crown patients being treated in hospitals, most of whom are in stable or improving condition, and none are in intensive care.
In addition, 4,648 people are quarantined in community facilities.
Foreign workers account for the vast majority of the people infected with the new crown in Singapore.
According to statistics, there are 200,000 foreign workers in Singapore living in 43 foreign worker-only dormitories, and about 100,000 foreign workers live in other types of dormitories.
The Singapore government is stepping up testing for the last few dormitories dedicated to foreign workers with a high rate of new crown infections, the Singapore inter-departmental working group said recently.
The vast majority of foreign workers will be able to return to work after all dedicated dormitories have been tested, but they will still have to be tested regularly for COVID-19.
Director Dapeng's "Lucky Wishes" nominated for Golden Goblet Award - Xinhuanet
On July 18, the 23rd Shanghai International Film Festival announced the official list of films selected for the Golden Goblet Award.
Dapeng's first reality-themed film "Lucky Wishes" was successfully nominated for the Golden Goblet Award at this year's Shanghai Film Festival. At the same time, the film officially released its first poster.
Poster
The film "Lucky Wishes" is the first realistic work directed by Dapeng, and it is also his second association with the Golden Goblet Award.
The film tells such a story: a comedy director came back to his hometown in the northeast countryside on a whim, hoping to make a movie about how the family celebrates the New Year, but encountered a series of accidents.
The family members gathered for the filming completed the final gathering.
In the movie poster released today, Wang Jixiang, a member of the family, is sitting in the center of the picture, smoking a cigarette. The background is the black land of Northeast China dressed in silver, and in the foreground is the red lantern that Chinese people always hang on New Year's Day.
The red lanterns symbolizing joy and reunion form a huge contrast with the lonely Wang Jixiang, which seems to reveal the complexity and entanglement in this big family relationship.
It is reported that in the film, except for the daughter of "third uncle" Wang Jixiang, who is played by actor Liu Lu, the rest of the scenes are completed by the real director's family. The experimental audio-visual style of the film breaks the boundaries between drama and reality, bringing the audience a brand-new immersive viewing experience.
According to director Dapeng, the creation of "Auspicious Ruyi" originated from "a providence". During the filming period, a series of sudden family changes forced the original shooting plan to change accordingly. The life without a script was finally recorded as a movie, but it released a tension beyond the design.
How did director Dapeng face this "destiny", and how should he continue to meet the various changes brought about by this providence?
There is no doubt that "Lucky Wishes" is full of experiments. The almost all-amateur lineup and innovative audio-visual style turn the life in front of the camera into a movie. Under the wrapping of real images, the audience will also find the shadow of themselves and their families from the family presented in the movie. With the end of the family gathering in the movie, a series of thoughts will be aroused.
NEWS.GOV.MO: Statistics on the inquiry hotline of the Novel Coronavirus Infection Response Coordination Center (July 25th 08H00 - July 26th 08H00)
From 08H00 on July 25, 2020 to 08H00 on July 26, 2020, the Novel Coronavirus Infection Response and Coordination Centre's enquiry hotline received a total of 292 telephone enquiries.
The 291 inquiries about the epidemic have been immediately transferred to representatives of relevant departments for follow-up. The situation is as follows:
271 cases from the Health Bureau (involving: inquiries about isolation; inquiries about nucleic acid testing; inquiries about license plates in two places; health codes; others.)
17 cases at the Public Security Police Station (involving: enquiry on immigration measures; enquiries on immigration measures for vehicles with license plates from Guangdong and Macao; enquiries on the Zhuhai government affairs hotline; enquiries on visa stay issues.)
1 case from the Tourism Bureau (Involved: Inquiry about the issue of quarantine hotels.)
1 case from the Education and Youth Bureau (Involves: inquiring about how Macao students return to study in the UK.)
1 case from the Maritime and Water Affairs Bureau (Involving: asking whether Hong Kong fishing vessels need to declare to the Maritime and Water Affairs Bureau and nucleic acid testing related matters when entering the port.)
Balong Zhuokang sentry, platoon leader Yu Wang and a soldier on duty.
In this place where the annual average temperature is more than ten degrees below zero, a row of simple barracks stands on the mountain pass. Not far from the barracks, a national flag is fluttering in the wind. The soldiers are on duty every day in the wind, and they need to regularly patrol at higher altitudes.
The soldiers climbed the steep slope of the rubble pile, and needed to use both hands and feet.
It was late July, when the flowers and plants at low altitudes were lush, and in Balong Zhuokang, only the ravine behind the barracks had relatively dense green.
Gao Peng, a soldier who has been stationed at the sentinel for six years, pointed to the ravine and said that this is their back garden. Only in July and August each year can the grass grow slowly, and after a while, it will all turn yellow and be covered with snow.
Patrol on foot may take about 9 hours.
In the harsh plateau environment, the soldiers stationed here are accompanied by snow-capped mountains and glaciers all year round, and they also regularly patrol the mountain passes at higher altitudes.
A few days ago, the patrol team consisting of eight soldiers, led by the instructor Liang Yixin, embarked on the patrol road again.
Each soldier weighs about 30 pounds and sets off to the target point early in the morning.
On the way, a soldier was rebellious, and his comrades rushed to rescue him.
In addition to patrolling duties, the soldiers at the Batang Chokang outpost undergo daily tactical and physical training.
Time passed by, the altitude kept rising, the oxygen content was getting lower and lower, and the physical strength was constantly overdrawn. These factors tested the will of the patrol members.
They clenched their teeth and persevered, and successively crossed several landslides and crossed several emergency and dangerous beaches.
At about 16 o'clock, it was lunch time for the patrols. They took out their own dry food and sat on the spot at an altitude of more than 5,700 meters, accompanied by sleet and snow, and supplemented their physical strength with food.
Soldiers at Banang Drokkang Sentinel conduct tactical and physical training.
During breaks, they would play cards together, and the losers would do push-ups, both for fun and for exercise.
After a short break in the cold wind, they climbed to the position of the target point of this patrol, took out the national flag on the mountain pass, and solemnly swore.
Behind them are snow-capped mountains, and in front of them is an uninhabited area of tens of kilometers. They are the safest guardians of the country.
Beijing's consumption season restarts - Xinhua English.news.cn
Beijing has restarted various activities of the Beijing consumption season in accordance with the principles of "comprehensive restart, key planning, orderly promotion, and strict organization".
On July 26, 1.5 million government and enterprise consumption coupons were issued, including 1 million offline dining and shopping coupons and 500,000 smart product coupons. Consumers can collect them on the Jingdong APP.
Liu Meiying, deputy director of the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Commerce, introduced at a media briefing held on the 25th that the restarted consumption season will further reduce corporate subsidies on the basis of maintaining the existing preferential subsidies for consumer coupons and card packages.
Since the beginning of August, the current 1:1 ratio of government and enterprise contributions has been adjusted to 2:1. For example, if consumers receive a card package and spend at the store, they can enjoy a discount of 120 yuan, of which the government subsidizes 60 yuan and the enterprise gives 60 yuan; after the adjustment, the government subsidy is 80 yuan and the enterprise gives 40 yuan.
During the consumption season, the three major operators will subsidize traffic and terminals around 5G consumption, further promoting 5G new infrastructure and 5G new consumption in Beijing.
Chen Maobo pointed out that Hong Kong's economy has been hit by the outbreak of the epidemic again, and called on all walks of life to tide over the difficulties.
China News Agency, Hong Kong, July 26 (Xinhua) -- The Financial Secretary of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government, Chen Maobo, said on the 26th that Hong Kong is facing the impact of a new wave of the new crown pneumonia epidemic, and business exchanges and economic activities that have shown signs of recovery have also been hit.
The SAR Government once again appeals to all large and small landlords to reduce rents and work with retail tenants, restaurants and small and medium-sized enterprises to tide over the difficulties.
Chen Maobo published an article titled "The Rough Road to Recovery" on the Internet on the same day.
He said that the recent high number of confirmed cases of new crown pneumonia in Hong Kong, the situation is grim, affecting the people's livelihood and the economy.
When the epidemic situation recurs, the first priority is to strictly prevent imported cases, and deal with and interrupt the chain of virus transmission as quickly as possible; when the epidemic situation is under control, economic activities should be resumed in a timely manner.
He pointed out that in the face of the new wave of epidemics, business exchanges and economic activities that had shown signs of recovery have also been hit.
Apart from the spirit of contracts, social responsibility is equally important to the business community, especially those groups that have received large government subsidies under the "Job Guarantee Scheme".
He mentioned that the economic situation in Hong Kong was still very severe in the second quarter of this year, but the contraction seemed to have slowed down slightly.
In terms of exports, he believes that the external situation of Hong Kong is still grim.
Chen Maobo said that Hong Kong's development in the past few decades has shown that every crisis hides new opportunities, and every difficulty hides the key to future development.
The largest earthquake in Taiwan this year hits the eastern waters of Taiwan - Xinhua English.news.cn
China News Agency, Taipei, July 26 (Xinhua) -- An earthquake with a magnitude of 6.1 on the Richter scale occurred in the eastern waters of Taiwan at 20:52 on the 26th, with a maximum magnitude of 4, which was felt throughout Taiwan. It is the largest earthquake in Taiwan this year.
According to reports from the Central News Agency, Zhongshi Electronic News, ETtoday News Cloud and other Taiwanese media, the Taiwan Meteorological Department reported that the epicenter of the earthquake was located 86.5 kilometers southeast of the Yilan County Government, that is, the eastern waters of Taiwan, with a focal depth of 53 kilometers.
China Earthquake Networks determined the quake to be 5.5 on the scale.
The largest earthquake in all parts of Taiwan is: Hualien County, magnitude 4, Yilan County, Taitung County, Nantou County, Yunlin County, and other counties and cities measured magnitude 1-2.
Taiwan's meteorological department pointed out that the earthquake was the largest in Taiwan this year, and it was a subduction zone earthquake at the junction of the plates. The epicenter has often experienced earthquakes in the past, and it has been relatively active this year.
In the next week, it is still not ruled out that there will be aftershocks of magnitude 4 or above.
Malinichev said that the change in value was affected by the depreciation of the ruble and the epidemic.
"Service costs are increasing," he said.
People are starting to spend more time on the internet because of the pandemic."
Malinichev did not rule out a serious increase in internet prices this year, arguing that operators could offer customers higher speeds and more services to offset people's dissatisfaction with price increases.
"Chinese Doctor" filming to pay tribute to anti-epidemic heroes - Xinhuanet
Recently, with the respect of Chinese filmmakers fighting the epidemic, Yu Dong, chairman of Bona Film Group, and director Liu Weiqiang (left) held a discussion with Academician Zhong Nanshan in Guangzhou on the filming and production of the anti-epidemic film "Chinese Doctor".
Bona Film hopes to use "Chinese Doctor" to pay tribute to all the medical care and epidemic prevention workers who are fighting on the front line of epidemic prevention and control!
In 2021, the film will be released nationwide as a tribute film to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China.
At present, Bona Films is organizing the film "Chinese Doctor" under the arrangement of the Central Propaganda Department and the National Film Bureau, with the support of the Guangdong Film Bureau and the Hubei Provincial Film Bureau, to organize the film "Chinese Doctor". This is a film that reflects the strong leadership of the CPC Central Committee and the unity of the people across the country to fight the new crown pneumonia epidemic.
The film focuses on the front line of Wuhan's anti-epidemic battle. It will take Wuhan medical staff and the medical teams of various provinces and cities as the background of the characters. From the perspective of human nature, it uses a unique narrative and highly impactful lens language to show a panoramic view of the touching stories of the Chinese medical staff who are full of dedication and sacrifice in the anti-epidemic front line.
It is understood that as soon as Wuhan was unblocked, Bona Company overcame many difficulties and sent a shooting team to go deep into the front line of the epidemic to communicate face-to-face with hundreds of medical workers and collect information. At present, we have interviewed Academician Zhong Nanshan himself, the first person from Guangzhou to assist Wuhan, the Guangdong medical team to assist Hubei, and Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital, Wuhan Union Hospital, Wuhan University Zhongnan Hospital, Wuhan Central Hospital and other frontline anti-epidemic angels.
Academician Zhong Nanshan also put forward expectations and hopes for the filming in this symposium: "I am looking forward to it. I hope you will not only visit some experts who are more visible, but also interview more medical personnel who are working hard on the front line. They are the majority."
He said that he had seen "Me and My Motherland" and "Captain of China" before, and thought it would be a good way to tell a large-scale story from the perspective of ordinary people.
"Now some foreign friends still have some misunderstandings about China."
When talking about the spread of the film, Academician Zhong Nanshan said that at present, some people in foreign countries like to label the virus as politicized. He hopes that the film can impress the audience from a human point of view: "This film is not only screened in China, but it is also best to be screened abroad. In a way that can be understood by domestic and foreign audiences, it should impress the audience with a true humanistic spirit."
Academician Zhong Nanshan also fondly recalled the film "People Reaching Middle Ages" in the 1980s. "After so many years, the film I have had the deepest impression on after the reform and opening up is "People Reaching Middle Ages". At that time, my foreign doctors and friends all cried. If "Chinese Doctor" can play such a role, it will be very remarkable."
Academician Zhong Nanshan said that if "Chinese Doctor" can resonate with foreign audiences, it will be very successful.
During the discussion and exchange, Academician Zhong Nanshan also shared his opinions and suggestions on the current international epidemic prevention and control, "I believe that people are always smarter than viruses."
Academician Zhong Nanshan said that although the virus is difficult to predict, human beings have survived thousands of hardships since the primitive society. Nowadays, modern society has advanced medical technology and social management measures. In addition, medical staff and even ordinary people all over the world have a basic understanding of the scientific response to the new crown pneumonia epidemic. People will no longer be as passive as before. "Next, we should pay attention to two aspects of work. One is to study how the world can strengthen cooperation, and the other is to focus on comforting people's hearts."
(Reporter Wang Jinyue)
Cultural Tourism "Red Fruit" Gathers in Shaoshan - News of the First Red Expo in Xiangtan - Today's News - Hunan Daily - Huasheng Online
Hunan Daily·New Hunan Client Reporter Jiang Rui Correspondent Xiao Yan
Jiaxing Red Boat Mould, Shaoshan Mao Zedong Bronze Statue, Yan'an Budui Flower Crafts, Xiangxi Yongshun Bacon... On July 25th, the 2020 Hunan Red Tourism Culture Festival opened in Shaoshan.
As one of the main activities, the first Xiangtan Red Cultural Industry Expo was held in the Shaoshan Global Tourism Consulting Distribution Center.
The exhibition area is full of red cultural and creative products, native products from the old revolutionary base areas, etc., attracting tourists from all over the world to buy them.
"The Red Expo is not only a display of the achievements of the national red cultural industry, but also an important platform for exhibitors and enterprises to exchange experiences and discuss development paths."
According to the relevant person in charge of the executive committee of the first Xiangtan Red Expo, the theme of this Red Expo is "promoting red culture and boosting cultural tourism". The total exhibition area is nearly 3,000 square meters, and it has set up an atmosphere creation area, a scenic area exhibition and exhibition area and a red cultural tourism online shopping experience area.
Eight provinces and cities including Jiaxing, Zhejiang, Zunyi, Guizhou, Yan'an, Shaanxi, and 137 enterprises and units from Changsha, Zhuzhou, Yueyang, Chenzhou and other places in our province were invited to participate in the exhibition. A total of 768 exhibits were exhibited, including red cultural relics, handicrafts, food specialties, tourist routes, red training courses, and red cultural and creative products.
The exhibition area will be on display until July 29.
As the host of the Red Expo, the Xiangtan exhibition area is full of highlights.
According to the person in charge of the exhibition area, the Xiangtan exhibition area is divided into two parts: the development of red industry and the development of red cultural industry.
The red industry exhibition area exhibited 31 exhibits from 6 companies including Valin Xianggang, Valin Cable and Xiangdian Power, and the red cultural industry development exhibition area exhibited nearly 200 products from 27 units including red series books, red series food, and red series cultural and creative products.
In the Yan'an exhibition area, many tourists were attracted by the cloth pile flower handicrafts and paper-cut artworks on display.
Ma Dongpo, director of the Yan'an Municipal Bureau of Culture and Tourism, introduced that the exhibition has carefully selected excellent red cultural and creative products in Yan'an in the past two years, of which 16 products are outstanding works of national red cultural and creative products in 2019.
At the same time, they invited the inheritors of the national intangible cultural heritage protection project "Ansai Paper-cutting", "Northern Shaanxi Folk Song" and the provincial intangible cultural heritage project Yanchuan Budui Painting, focusing on promoting Yan'an folk custom products, and taking this opportunity to communicate with other companies in the exhibition area to promote cross-regional cooperation.
The cumulative number of confirmed cases of new crown in Japan exceeds 30,000 - Xinhua English.news.cn
According to statistics, there were 239 new confirmed cases in Tokyo on the 26th, with more than 200 new cases in a single day for 6 consecutive days, and the cumulative number has reached 11,214.
In addition, there were 141 new confirmed cases in Osaka Prefecture, 90 new cases in Fukuoka Prefecture, and 80 new cases in Aichi Prefecture.
In the first half of the year, telecom network fraud crimes increased by 70%. Summary of characteristics of the Supreme People's Procuratorate - Chinanews.com
China News Service, July 26 (Xinhua) According to the website of the Supreme People's Procuratorate, in the first half of this year, the national procuratorial organs prosecuted 58,101 people for fraud, an increase of 35% year-on-year.
Especially among the crimes of obstructing epidemic prevention and control, fraud crimes are frequent, and the number of prosecutors prosecuted by the procuratorial organs accounts for 43.4% of the total number of crimes obstructing epidemic prevention and control.
The Supreme People's Procuratorate has carried out targeted guidance. Of the ten batches of typical cases that have been released so far, there are nine cases involving fraud.
Judging from the handling of cases by the procuratorial organs in the first half of the year, there are many types of fraud crimes, ranging from the national macro-policy to the basic needs of the people, including epidemic-related fraud, "medical care" fraud, "health care product" fraud, "enrollment agency" fraud, "routine loan" fraud, fraudulent state subsidy fraud, national asset unfreezing fraud, etc.
In particular, some telecommunications network frauds break through the limitations of national boundaries, regions and personnel, and have the characteristics of stakeholders, cross-border, remote, electronic payments, etc., and there are many unspecified victim groups and great harm.
For example, some set up specialized companies, rent high-end office buildings, set up multiple departments or positions, use legal network platforms to publicize and recruit, train and evaluate recruiters, adopt enterprise operation mode management, and wear "legal clothing", which is more confusing.
It is the duty of the procuratorial organs to punish and prevent crimes in accordance with the law, and to issue early warnings to the public and relevant departments in a timely manner.
In judicial case handling, the procuratorial organs conscientiously perform their duties, not only insisting on maintaining a high-pressure situation against fraud crimes, but also detailing various law enforcement measures in a targeted manner, and promoting social governance by formulating and issuing procuratorial suggestions.
The procuratorial organs strictly control the facts, evidence, procedures, and application of law in arrest and prosecution of fraud cases, and take facts as the basis and law as the criterion, so as not to be in vain.
Especially for the crime of telecommunication network fraud, we should pay attention to the core role of electronic data in fact-finding, and strive to build an evidentiary chain of mutual corroboration between electronic data, verbal evidence and documentary evidence.
For example, the Yinzhou District Procuratorate of Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province handled Ying's epidemic-related fraud case, and the procuratorate intervened in advance. From the occurrence of the case to the settlement, it only took five days, reflecting the attitude and determination of handling the case quickly and strictly, and maintaining the overall stability of the society.
During the review of arrest and review of prosecution, attention was paid to the prosecution of omissions in cases, 733 people were missed by the public security organs, and 1,113 co-offenders were corrected.
In the first half of the year, procuratorial organs across the country issued 298 procuratorial recommendations for fraud crimes, promoting joint efforts to prevent fraud crimes and promote deep governance.
For example, in response to the loopholes in the supervision of telecommunications networks of telecommunications companies, banks, and intermediary organizations found during case handling, the Guangzhou Procuratorate of Guangdong Province and the Procuratorate of Dongguan City of Guangdong Province put forward procuratorial suggestions in a timely manner, urging relevant units to strengthen supervision, improve mechanisms, and promote the construction of long-term systems.
The fourth is to do a good job in recovering stolen goods and recovering losses.
Local procuratorial organs seize the important links of intervening in investigation, guiding evidence collection, reviewing and prosecuting, and urging the investigation organ to actively recover the stolen money, cooperate with the relevant departments to do a good job in recovering the stolen money, and strive to minimize the economic losses caused by fraud crimes to the people.
For example, the routine loan case of Lin Moumou handled by the Beijing Procuratorate involved 22 properties waiting to be seized. In the case that the real estate may be disposed of by other cases first, the "Deferred Enforcement Letter" was first issued and delivered to the relevant court in a timely manner. It is recommended that the previous seizing court suspend the enforcement of the property involved, and deal with it uniformly after the facts of the crime are ascertained, so as to make the greatest efforts to recover the property involved and restore the loss of the victim.
The prosecutor reminds everyone to be very vigilant against fraud crimes, don't expect "pie in the sky", and don't believe it is cheap, and keep your "money bag".
Fina Town, Weining County, Guizhou Province: Shortening Apple Trees Broadens the Road to Poverty Alleviation-Chinanews
2020-07-26 11:42:58 Source: China Economic Net Author: Zhu Yanjing Responsible Editor: Zhu Yanjing
In the scorching heat, a reporter from Economic Daily-China Economic Net walked into Zhonghai Village, Zina Town, Weining County, Guizhou Province.
Under the scorching sun, villager Li Yuanzhong was hoeing grass in the base. Although his face was red from the sun, he hummed a few ditties from time to time.
Due to its low latitude, high altitude, sufficient sunlight, and large temperature difference between day and night, the apples produced in Weining County, where the town is located, have high sugar content and good taste, and have a certain reputation in the surrounding areas. However, because of their small size and many spots, they have not been able to sell at a good price and failed to form an industrial scale.
Zhenna Town was once an impoverished township that "baked grain and potatoes for spring and autumn". Ten years ago, the local poverty incidence rate was as high as 25.8%.
In the critical period when the fight against poverty has entered a decisive battle, it is urgent to change the traditional planting habits, adjust the industrial structure, and increase the income of farmers.
After many visits, Chen Chao, secretary of the party committee of Yuna Town, and a group of people in the town believed that industrial development could no longer follow the old path.
To this end, Zina Town has introduced leading enterprises to grow apples in a modern way.
Hou Jianwen, deputy general manager of Weining Chaoyue Agriculture Co., Ltd., came to Yuna Town from Shaanxi in 2015 to investigate. He saw the local planting conditions at a glance, and started planting apple trees in the local area in 2016.
At first, the village mobilized Li Yuanzhong to transfer the land to plant apple trees. Li Yuanzhong and his wife muttered in their hearts: "I have been planting apples for so many years, and I have never seen anyone in the village grow apples and make a fortune."
"All the apples are dwarf apples and don't allow the apple trees to grow too tall."
What Li Yuanzhong did not expect was a new method of apple planting this time. Irrigation pipes were laid under each apple tree, and water and fertilizer were poured into the roots of the tree. When the fruit was harvested in autumn, the tractor directly drove into the orchard, and the fruit could be picked while standing.
At present, the apple base has gradually entered the period of high production, and the market is as expected by Hou Jianwen. Apple is not worried about selling, and is very popular among consumers in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and other cities.
The growing apple industry has brought new changes to Li Yuanzhong's life. Although he is still farming, he has a new source of income.
Li Yuanzhong's family has transferred more than 9 mu of land to the Apple base. In addition to the guaranteed land transfer fee every year, there are also profit dividends after fruiting. The couple usually work in the base. "One person can get 80 yuan a day, and there is work all year round."
Li Yuanzhong told reporters that last year's profit distribution was more than 2,800 yuan, plus the land transfer fee and the husband and wife's labor income, the family's income was more than 80,000 yuan. "There is no need to worry about food and clothing, and the days of a well-off life are over."
"It has achieved initial results. The annual output value of 1 mu of apples exceeds 15,000 yuan, which is about 10 times that of corn."
Chen Chao told reporters that 20,000 mu of apples are currently planted in the whole town of Zina, 6,000 mu in Zhonghai Village alone, covering 4,056 rural households and 17,200 people, including 656 registered poverty-stricken households and 2,952 people. The annual salary is more than 6 million yuan, which truly realizes that the base is built at the door of the house, and there is no need to go outside to work.
Li Yuanzhong, whose pockets are gradually bulging, has also begun to realize his "wish".
During the Lunar New Year this year, Li Yuanzhong bought an off-road vehicle and now drives to work every day. "The family still has more than ten acres of land. When the Apple base expands in the next step, it will be transferred to them, and the income will be more."
Economic Daily-China Economic Net reporter Wu Bingze Niu Jin Wang Xinwei
Membrane Separation Technology Helps Crack the "Greenhouse Effect" - Xinhua English.news.cn
Membrane Separation Technology Helps Crack the "Greenhouse Effect"
Schematic diagram of the preparation technology of a new mixed matrix membrane
Reporter from this newspaper Shang Rui reported: Recently, Tianjin University's atmospheric environment and bioenergy team has made significant progress in the "capture of carbon dioxide by membrane separation method", and successfully developed a new hybrid matrix membrane preparation technology, which greatly improves the carbon dioxide capture performance of the membrane material.
The relevant results have been published as the cover article of the international journal Greenhouse Gases: Science and Technology.
The "greenhouse effect" is a major environmental problem plaguing human development, and carbon dioxide emissions are the culprit of the "greenhouse effect".
How to efficiently capture and use the carbon dioxide emitted by humans is the focus of scientists.
"Membrane separation method" is an emerging carbon dioxide capture technology, which separates carbon dioxide gas with the help of membrane materials, and has the characteristics of high efficiency, energy saving and simple operation.
How to make the membrane material "breathe deeply" and improve the gas separation efficiency is the bottleneck and difficulty of using the membrane separation method to capture carbon dioxide.
The scientific research team of Tianjin University has innovative ideas, and through repeated experiments, explores the influence of different solvents on the membrane gas separation performance.
The experimental results show that using N-methylpyrrolidone as the preparation solvent, the carbon nanotubes in the produced membrane material are more evenly distributed and "more breathable", which effectively improves the gas separation efficiency and rate of the membrane material.
The carbon dioxide separation performance of the mixed matrix membrane prepared by this new technology is close to the theoretical separation upper limit of the current type of membrane material.
"The new technology provides new ideas for the capture of carbon dioxide by membrane separation."
Li Run, a member of Tianjin University's atmospheric environment and bioenergy team, said: "We hope that this technology can provide strong support for the treatment of flue gas in coal-fired power plants and chemical companies in the future, and play a major role in controlling greenhouse gas emissions."
Before voluntarily filling in the application, understand what is a professional grade difference-Chinanews
2020-07-27 02:22:36 Source: Chongqing Morning Post Author: Yu Xiao Editor in charge: Yu Xiao
Before volunteering, understand what is professional grade difference
Every year to fill in the college entrance examination volunteer, there are students or parents who do not understand the terms involved in the volunteer report, which will affect the volunteer report.
This year, Beijing Jiaotong University, Beijing University of Science and Technology, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Beijing Forestry University, and Beijing University of Chemical Technology jointly issued the enrollment policy for 2020, canceling the professional grade difference.
What does the professional grade difference mean, and what is its significance in voluntary application?
There are three ways of professional allocation rules
Experts remind that before filling in the volunteer application, be sure to read the "Admission Regulations" of your favorite school and understand the admission rules of colleges and universities, including the ratio of file transfers and the rules of professional assignment.
The major distribution rules refer to the three major ways for majors to be admitted to majors: major priority, score priority, and major difference.
The specific method used by colleges and universities will be specified in the Admissions Regulations.
However, there are also some colleges and universities whose admission principle is that the total score is preferred, and there is no grade difference between majors.
That is to say, candidates within the scope of admission will be queued according to the total score. When the score does not reach the first professional voluntary admission score line, it will be checked whether it has reached the second professional voluntary admission score line, and so on until the last professional choice is admitted, and there is no grade difference between each professional choice.
The so-called "professional grade difference" means that when colleges and universities arrange candidates' majors, according to one or more scores announced in the enrollment charter to determine the admission majors for volunteer candidates of different majors, this score value is "professional grade difference".
That is, the difference in scores between colleges and universities when admitting candidates in the first major and the non-first major, and the difference between the different majors, such as 3 points, 2 points, 1 point, etc.
For example.
Suppose the student Xiao Ming applied for the A college entrance examination and scored 560 points. His professional aspirations are: computer, international trade, automation, mechanical engineering, and electronic commerce. The professional admission of A college adopts a professional grade difference method, and the grade difference is 2 points, 1 point, 1 point, and 0 points.
When assigning majors, if Xiao Ming's first major meets the major admission requirements and the major has a planned balance, then Xiao Ming is admitted to the "computer" major; if the computer is not admitted, his score will be deducted by 2 points, and the score of 558 is the same as that of the first major major who applied for "international trade" to determine whether he meets the major admission requirements;
Different universities have different professional grade settings
With the popularity of parallel volunteering, many colleges and universities have now abolished the professional grade difference, but some colleges still retain this method this year. Judging from the "Admission Regulations" announced by each school, this year, more than 20 universities have set up the professional grade difference.
For example, Sichuan Agricultural University, Shandong University of Science and Technology, Heilongjiang University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Jiangsu University of Science and Technology, Jiangxi Normal University, Chengdu Medical College, Northeast Electric Power University, Jimei University, Nanjing Medical University, Nanjing University of Technology, Ningxia University, Shandong University of Technology, China Civil Aviation Flight College, etc.
Among these colleges and universities, the professional grades set by each university are different.
Some colleges and universities have a grade difference for each major. For example, Ningxia University, the candidates whose files have been submitted to the school, will be admitted according to the order in which the candidates fill in the professional aspirations, and then they will be admitted according to the scores.
Some universities have set different professional grades between different majors.
For example, in Jimei University, the total score of the professional volunteer grade difference is 4 points, that is, the grade difference between the first professional volunteer and other professional volunteers is 3 points, and there is no grade difference between other professional volunteers, which is regarded as parallel volunteers, and the professional grade difference between other professional volunteers and transfer professional volunteers is 1 point.
When filling in the application form, candidates and their parents must carefully read the admission policy of the school they are applying for, to see if there is a professional grade difference, and what the form of the grade difference is. While fully considering the scores, it is also necessary to reasonably analyze the schools and majors to be selected. If the college has clearly adopted the grade difference method in the admissions charter, candidates should pay attention to the gradient between majors when choosing a major to improve the chance of admission.
Chongqing Morning Post·Upstream News Reporter Lin Qi
First Atlantic hurricane of the year makes landfall in hard-hit Texas
The National Hurricane Center announced that morning that Hurricane Hannah reached 145 kilometers per hour and is expected to bring heavy rainfall to southern Texas and northeastern Mexico until next Monday, which will cause rapid flooding.
At present, with the gradual advance to land, the custom has been weakened. Although there is a power outage in some areas, there is no casualty statistics report.
Some local officials in Texas are preparing for a tornado that is likely to hit the coast.
President Trump said via Twitter that the office is closely monitoring the development of Hurricane Hannah and Hurricane Douglas in Hawaii, and called on the public to listen to the emergency management information of the local government to protect families and property.
At the same time, the new crown epidemic in Texas is also rapidly deteriorating, with the number of infections soaring, with more than 390,000 confirmed infections and more than 5,000 deaths.
When the hurricane strikes, the government will face the double problem of accommodating the homeless and preventing the epidemic from worsening again.
Establishing a special committee for the first time and collectively signing a "long-term contract" The third China International Import Expo Exhibitor Alliance builds a "China Import and Export Fair" - Xinhuanet
The first meeting of the Exhibitor Alliance of the Third China International Import Expo was filmed in Shanghai on July 26.
Xinhua News Agency, Shanghai, July 26 (Reporter Zhou Rui) On the 26th, the Exhibitor Alliance of the Third China International Import Expo established a professional committee here for the first time. The first batch of committees included the Public Health and Epidemic Prevention Committee and the Dairy Industry Committee. 35 member companies have also signed a three-year long-term cooperation memorandum of participation, and the role of the alliance of exhibitors in the Expo has been continuously strengthened.
At the first meeting of the Exhibitor Alliance of the 3rd China International Import Expo held here on the 26th, a group of member enterprises of the exhibition alliance, including Hyundai, Dow Chemical, Shiseido, New Zealand, Siemens, Michelin of France, and AstraZeneca of the United Kingdom, signed a three-year long-term cooperation memorandum of cooperation.
The inauguration ceremony of the Dairy Professional Committee was filmed in Shanghai on July 26.
According to the latest charter, Zhanmeng will introduce a rotation mechanism for the lead unit to strengthen the function of the special committee.
The special committee will make recommendations for the analysis of industry development trends and promote the sustainable development of the industry.
At the same time, the whole industry chain resources of the industry will be integrated, large and small, and related enterprises will be driven to participate in the exhibition, and the Expo will become a gathering place for industry enterprises.
The establishment of a special committee for public health and epidemic prevention for the first time is particularly important for the current fight against the new crown pneumonia epidemic.
As the vice chairman unit of the Public Health and Epidemic Prevention Committee of the third China International Import Expo, Qiu Jianping, general manager of Abbott's rapid diagnostic business in Greater China, said that in the next step, Abbott will work with more industry partners to explore new solutions and cooperation models to help China and the world fight against the new crown pneumonia epidemic.
The inauguration ceremony of the Public Health and Epidemic Prevention Committee was filmed in Shanghai on July 26.
It is reported that the third China International Import Expo has set up a special area for public health and epidemic prevention for the first time. Up to now, nearly 50 global companies have signed up to participate in the exhibition, with an exhibition area of more than 10,000 square meters.
During the first CIIE in 2018, the CIIE Exhibitor Alliance was established by exhibitors on their own initiative, aiming to become a platform for high-quality exhibitors to communicate and cooperate, to connect exhibitors with information and resource sharing platforms, and to provide a think tank for promoting economic and trade exchanges and development between China and countries (regions) around the world.
Up to now, 142 companies have joined the exhibitor alliance, covering 23 countries and regions around the world.
Belgian 3-year-old girl dies from coronavirus - Xinhua English.news.cn
The Belgian health department said on the 24th that a 3-year-old girl died of a new crown virus infection, the youngest person in the country to die from the new crown virus.
Belgian health department spokesman Budwin Carter said that the girl had other serious illnesses before she contracted the new coronavirus; in addition to the girl, an 18-year-old young man recently died from the new coronavirus infection.
Katri said that 85 percent of new cases of coronavirus in Belgium last week were under the age of 60.
He reminded healthy, younger people not to take it lightly.
"While it is rare for young people to die from COVID-19, no one is immune now."
Last week, the number of new confirmed cases of new crown in Belgium increased by 89% compared with the previous week, and the daily average of 2.9 people died from the new crown virus infection, up from the previous week's daily average of 1.7.
During the peak of the European epidemic, the proportion of people infected with the new crown virus in the Belgian population was "the highest" in Europe.
Belgium has a population of over 11 million.
The latest data show that a total of 64,847 people in Belgium have been infected with the new crown virus.
Carter warned earlier this week that people must act before the snowballs get bigger and bigger and eventually create an "avalanche".
In order to curb the rebound of the epidemic, Belgian Prime Minister Sophie Vermes announced on the 23rd that the relevant rules for people to wear masks in public places will be stricter, and the plan to further lift restrictive measures in August will also be suspended.
(Guo Qian) [Xinhua News Agency Micro Feature]
1 new case of asymptomatic infection imported from abroad in Jiangsu - China News Service
China News Service, July 26 (Xinhua) According to the official Weibo news of the Jiangsu Provincial Health and Health Commission, there were no new confirmed cases in Jiangsu from 0-24:00 on July 25.
As of 24:00 on July 25, a total of 655 confirmed cases (including 24 imported from abroad) have been reported in the province. Except for one imported confirmed case, which is isolated and treated in a designated hospital, the rest have been discharged.
On the same day, 1 new case of asymptomatic infection imported from abroad was added.
As of 24:00 on July 25, 4 cases of asymptomatic infections under centralized isolation and medical management were imported from abroad.
At present, the province has traced 14,084 close contacts of confirmed cases and asymptomatic infections, 13,943 have been released from medical observation, and 141 are still under medical observation.
【Editor: Chen Haifeng】
Xinhua News Agency, Hong Kong, July 25 (Xinhua) The Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government, Mr Yau Tenghua, said on the 25th that all APEC member economies should act in concert to fight the epidemic and promote economic recovery, and should avoid the establishment of unnecessary trade barriers in accordance with the rights and obligations stipulated by the World Trade Organization.
Yau Tenghua made the above remarks when he participated in the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) video conference on the fight against the new crown pneumonia epidemic held by trade ministers on the 25th.
At the meeting, the participating ministers exchanged views on the substantive measures that APEC can take to deal with the impact of the new crown pneumonia epidemic and promote economic recovery in the region.
Yau Tenghua said that the public health and economic crisis triggered by the epidemic has had an unprecedented far-reaching impact on society and the economy.
"We are in a double battle, we must defeat the epidemic before we can restore the economy.
We must have a clear goal, the virus is our common enemy, and cooperation can lead to victory, otherwise we will only fail."
Yau Tenghua said that the series of trade restrictions triggered by the new crown pneumonia epidemic will not help control the epidemic.
Trade is the key to solving the current problems and should not be seen as the problem.
He condemned all discriminatory and divisive policy measures, and urged all economies to keep their borders open at this critical moment, maintain the smooth operation of supply chains, and avoid establishing trade barriers or adopting irrational trade policies.
Florida confirms 414,000 new crown cases, becoming the second worst state in the United States - Xinhua English.news.cn
China News Service, July 26 (Xinhua) According to a comprehensive report, the website of Johns Hopkins University in the United States shows that as of about 8:34 on the 26th, Beijing time, Florida in the United States reported more than 414,000 confirmed cases of the new crown, surpassing the 411,000 in New York State, becoming the second largest "epidemic area" in the United States after California.
The Florida Department of Health said on the 25th that Florida reported 124 deaths on the 24th.
This is the tenth time the daily death toll in Florida has surpassed 100 since the pandemic began.
The total number of cases in Miami-Dade County, the hardest-hit state in Florida, has surpassed 100,000.
Florida currently has 8,974 COVID-19 hospitalizations, including 1,874 in Miami-Dade.
The state has seen a 79% increase in hospitalizations for the coronavirus since July 4.
The coronavirus has claimed 91,000 lives since the first U.S. state reopened on April 24.
According to data provided by Johns Hopkins University, the total number of confirmed cases reported in the United States has reached 4.176 million, with at least 146,000 deaths.
Chengdu people gather to watch the US consulate, the police stop people from "looking too happy"
In response to the U.S. closing of the Chinese Consulate General in Houston, China announced the closure of the U.S. Consulate General in Chengdu on Friday.
On Saturday, the U.S. consulate's badge was removed, and on Sunday, a dark-glass car drove away from the consulate amid the boos of passers-by.
On Sunday, many Chengdu people gathered in front of the US consulate to take pictures, and those who hadn't been there came to have a look because of their curiosity about current affairs.
An Agence France-Presse Chengdu station reporter also visited the vicinity of the U.S. Consulate in Chengdu, and returned news that there were a steady stream of curious people, and many parents took their children to take a walk to watch the consulate, take pictures of the building, or take selfies.
The consulate was surrounded by guards who, from time to time, "corrected" people's behavior. They seemed to not allow anything out of the ordinary: a woman was stopped just as she was about to start singing a red song, and a guard confiscated a banner.
But residents of a nearby residential building successfully raised a giant Chinese flag on their balcony and shouted slogans in support of China.
The U.S. Consulate in Chengdu, opened in 1985, covers all U.S. consular-related matters in southwestern China, especially the Tibet Autonomous Region.
A reporter from the AFP Chengdu station said that the Chinese government's response to the United States was relatively restrained: many Chinese people asked the government to close the US consulate in Hong Kong online, but the official only said that "closing the US consulate in Chengdu is a necessary and legal response to the unreasonable behavior of the United States."
At present, in addition to Chengdu, the United States also has consulates in Guangdong, Shanghai, Shenyang, Wuhan, and Hong Kong.
Large-scale financial media campaign "Walking Village Live to Watch Poverty Alleviation" starts - Today's News - Hunan Daily - Huasheng Online
Hunan Daily·New Hunan Client July 25th (our reporter) On July 25th, the large-scale financial media action "Walking Village Live to Watch Poverty Alleviation" sponsored by the Financial Program Center of the Central Radio and Television Station departed from Xuzhou, Jiangsu. Two caravans carrying 5G new media mobile cloud production and broadcasting systems slowly drove to the scene under the watch of the guests.
General Secretary Xi Jinping pointed out that "2020 is a year of milestone significance. We will build a moderately prosperous society in all respects and achieve the first centenary goal. 2020 is also a decisive year in the fight against poverty."
The large-scale financial media action "Walking the Village to Watch Poverty Alleviation" is an important measure for the Financial Program Center of the Central Radio and Television General Station to do a good job in promoting poverty alleviation in order to cooperate with this major theme.
The action will go to poverty alleviation villages in more than 20 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities across the country, excavate vivid stories of poverty alleviation, directly address the dramatic changes in the appearance of villages, and show how villagers have broken through the difficulties of survival and development and walked towards the road to prosperity.
The operation will last for more than 3 months.
The reporter set off from Xuzhou and divided his troops into two routes. One route took the southwest route, passing through Anhui, Hubei, Jiangxi, Hunan, Guangxi, Guizhou, Sichuan, Chongqing, Yunnan, Tibet and other places; the other route took the northwest route, passing through Henan, Shaanxi, Gansu, Qinghai, Xinjiang, Ningxia, Inner Mongolia, Shanxi, Hebei and other places, with a journey of more than 10,000 kilometers.
In the form of reporting, "Walking Village Live Watching Poverty Alleviation" boldly integrated.
The economic development of the villages visited by the caravan will be broadcast through the CCTV Financial Channel of the Central Radio and Television General Station, the Voice of Economics of the Central Broadcasting Corporation, China Communications Broadcasting, and the new media of CCTV Finance and Economics.
Among them, the TV live broadcast will be mainly completed on CCTV Finance Channel's noon news program "World Finance" (first broadcast time: Monday to Sunday 12:00-13:00), CCTV Finance Channel's prime news column "Economic Information Network" will set up a poverty alleviation report column (first broadcast time: Monday to Sunday 20:30-21:30).
At the same time, the caravan will broadcast live broadcasts for up to one hour on the CCTV Finance client for each village it visits. Viewers can watch the live broadcast and participate in the lottery by downloading the CCTV Finance APP.
In terms of technology application and studio design, "Walking Village Live to Watch Poverty Alleviation" made a breakthrough and pioneered the "Outfield New Media Caravan".
The car is equipped with a 5G new media mobile cloud production and broadcast system, and uses 5G 4K/8K AI technology to realize the organic combination of online and offline, large and small screens, and TV broadcasting.
Equipped with Sanxun studio area, the studio area is converted from a container, 12 meters long, 2.55 meters wide and 3.98 meters high. The box body adopts hydraulic automatic expansion structure, which can be turned up to 120 degrees at most.
The studio area can also be automatically expanded, and an external expansion platform is connected, covering an area of more than 50 square meters, which can meet the scene requirements of most programs.
At present, the Dongchuan District of Kunming City is already hot in summer, and what is hotter than the weather is the poverty alleviation workshop next to the relocation site.
Lu Ling, an employee of Kunming Asif Electronic Technology Co., Ltd., said, "Now, as soon as you leave the house, you enter the factory door, making money and taking care of your family. Thanks to the free vocational skills training organized by the trade union."
Walking into the poverty alleviation workshop of electronic components processing in Tongdu Street, Dongchuan District, a bustling scene came into view.
Lu Ling, who is in her 40s, is a single mother who takes care of her children alone and takes care of her elderly parents.
When she was in the most difficult time, the Dongchuan District Federation of Trade Unions helped to come up with ideas and solutions.
Since 2018, Lu Ling has been enjoying housing, schooling, social security, employment and other assistance policies and subsidies from trade unions at all levels.
This year, her child has successfully graduated and is employed, and she herself has a job and income after taking part in skills training, and she got out of trouble at the end of April.
It is reported that the Dongchuan District Headquarters organizes a special skills training project for poverty alleviation, which is part of the skills training of the Yunnan Federation of Trade Unions.
Based on the characteristics of the difficult workers in the relocation resettlement site for poverty alleviation and relocation in the district, the district head conducted in-depth investigation and understanding of the training needs, determined the types of training, and planned to train a total of 450 electricians, welders and pastry chefs in the near future.
Recently, Li Yi, an employee of the Agricultural Bank of China Yunnan Menglian County Sub-branch, wrote a sincere letter of thanks to the County Federation of Trade Unions.
In the letter, she sincerely thanked the union for the Golden Autumn Student Grant from August 2013 to January 2017 to help her complete her studies.
In 2004, Li Yi's father died in a car accident, and her mother was included in the files of employees in difficulties. Since then, she has been enjoying the care of the policy of filing cards.
With the help of the local trade union, Li Yi successfully completed her studies.
Since 2016, 3809 households have been lifted out of poverty through institutional guarantees and targeted assistance.
The success of Lv Ling's family and Li Yi's relief from difficulties is a microcosm of Yunnan's trade union's efforts to help workers in difficulties.
According to Duan Kaiyuan, a staff member of the Legal and Rights Protection Department of the Yunnan Provincial Federation of Trade Unions, the provincial headquarter has strengthened the dynamic management of the files of employees in difficulties, promoted the normalization of file-building work, and included those employees who meet the requirements for filing into the assistance system in a timely manner.
During the epidemic, it was difficult to go out to work. In order to help employees with difficulties in their files to ease their living pressure, Yunnan Province has arranged a total of more than 13 million yuan to send warmth funds. According to the standards of 2,000 yuan for each household of employees in difficulty at the national level and 1,500 yuan for each household of employees with difficulties at the provincial level, more than 6,000 national-level and more than 1,000 provincial-level families in difficulty have carried out special warm-hearted and sympathetic activities.
At the same time, the provincial headquarters connects with various Internet recruitment platforms such as the Human Resources and Social Security Department and Zhaopin Recruitment, pushes recruitment information to difficult employees, and provides services such as employment consultation and employment guidance.
