Xinhua Times Commentary: Make Excellent Returned Migrant Workers a Vigorous Force for Rural Rejuvenation-Xinhua Net
Talent is the key to rural revitalization.
Where to find talents?
An outstanding group of migrant workers returning home is an indispensable force.
Published by Xinhua News Agency
Xinhua News Agency, Chengdu, July 26th, Title: Outstanding migrant workers returning to their hometowns are transformed into a new force for rural revitalization
The 34-year-old Zhang Xiong's family is in Guoyuan Village, Meishan City, Sichuan Province. In 2010, he quit his job with a monthly salary of tens of thousands in Beijing and returned to his hometown to start a business.
After several years of hard work, he now manages a grape farm family farm with an annual income of more than one million yuan. He has become a well-known wealth leader and has been selected into the village "two committees" team.
In recent years, with the encouragement of a series of policies to support agriculture and benefit farmers, such as national poverty alleviation and rural revitalization, more and more outstanding migrant workers like Zhang Xiong have chosen to return to their hometowns to start businesses, activating a pool of spring water in the countryside.
Sichuan, the most populous province in the western part of China and the largest labor exporting country, has implemented the "Outstanding Migrant Worker Recruitment and Cultivation Project". In 2019 alone, it produced more than 8,000 village party branch secretaries from the celebrity migrant workers recruited, cultivated 61,000 village reserve forces, and developed more than 20,000 party members, providing a strong guarantee for the fight against poverty and the implementation of the rural revitalization strategy.
Well-off is not a well-off, the key depends on fellow.
Since the reform and opening up, a large number of young and middle-aged laborers have increased their incomes in rural areas, and some have set up their own enterprises through hard work.
But objectively also led to the emergence of "hollowing out" in rural areas to varying degrees, especially the weakening of rural grassroots organizations. Village party branch secretaries and party members have shown "one old and one low" characteristics, that is, aging and low academic qualifications. The village party organization leader team is not strong, and the problem of green and yellow is not obvious.
If the rural talents and other elements have been flowing to the city in one direction, and the village has been in a state of "blood loss" and "anemia" for a long time, revitalization is empty talk.
Attracting those migrant workers who are capable, conscious, and interested in serving their hometowns, guiding them back to their hometowns and starting businesses to become prosperous prosperity leaders, and cultivating party members and rural cadres from them, and enriching the ranks of grassroots cadres. This is a solution to the unsolved roots of rural party members and grassroots party organizations.
Excellent migrant workers can be attracted back, and they must be retained and do a good job.
In recent years, Sichuan has started to pay close attention to the construction of the Migrant Workers’ Party. On the basis of strict selection criteria, it has established systems and mechanisms for the orientation of outstanding migrant workers, service guarantee, training promotion, selection and use, etc., so that they can improve their capabilities, work security, and hope in life. They really take root in the countryside and have a sense of accomplishment in entrepreneurship.
This year is the final year of the decisive battle against poverty. Talent is the key factor to make the connection between poverty alleviation and rural revitalization.
Party committees and governments at all levels should attach great importance to the group of outstanding migrant workers who return to their hometowns, and through comprehensive measures, they should be turned into a sturdy, combatable, and unable-to-take task force, a new force, and provide strong organizational security and talent support for rural poverty relief and development.
Because of the epidemic, this year's university graduates are a special session. On the evening of July 11, the bilibili summer graduation song will bring a special online live performance to the graduates. The musicians such as Lao Lang, Pu Shu, Li Yuchun, and Mao Yibong sent singing and blessings to the graduates.
Well-known host SealWu Wu Yifan also brought a piece of "Wild Grass", which is a rap style song adapted from Lu Xun's prose poem collection of the same name, which is extremely popular among young people.
Due to the epidemic situation, many graduates failed to realize the sense of ritual of dialing ears and awarding degrees on the spot, so they transferred the sense of ritual to online.
The data shows that the 2.5-hour long-time concert will have a live broadcast peak of over 35 million.
"Follow your heart, seize the opportunity, and ignore the consequences, sometimes it will have unexpected gains."
Although it is a graduation song party, many songs also moved non-fresh graduates.
"I really want to cry in the whole scene. Everyone's youth is full of beauty and regret, but they are all worthy of being missed and must be brave to go on."
Beijing's natural ecology continues to improve, attracting more than 500 species of wild animals to "settle"-China News
2020-07-26 05:03:17 Source: Beijing Youth Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Editor-in-Chief: Wang Sishuo
The capital’s natural ecology continues to improve, attracting wildlife to “settle”
There are more than 500 species of wild animals in Beijing
Reporter (Reporter Wang Bin) The Beijing Youth Daily reporter learned from the City Landscaping Bureau that in recent years, as the natural ecological environment of the capital continues to improve, the types and numbers of wild animals have continued to increase.
At present, there are more than 500 species of terrestrial spine wildlife inhabiting Beijing, including state-level protected animals such as brown horse chickens and black storks, as well as state-level protected animals such as impala, big swans, grey cranes, and mandarin ducks.
Whether it is planted in an urban forest in the Second Ring Road, or a small wetland embedded between buildings, it not only brings the wild interest of the capital, but also attracts wild animals to "settle" in the city.
In the midsummer season, the Songshan National Nature Reserve in the Yanshan Mountains in the northwest of Yanqing District is full of vitality.
A raccoon dog is playing leisurely by the mountain stream. On the other side, two dog badgers are playing with each other.
Looking back, a wild boar can't resist the "stab" on his body and is rubbing the bark. Hu Qiaoli, director of the management office of Songshan National Nature Reserve, said that as of the end of 2019, in this green sea with a total area of more than 6,200 hectares, there are 178 wild animals including the golden bird of the national first-level protected animal and the chicken and impala of the national second-level protected animal. Nearly one-third of the city's wild animal species can be found here.
"In Songshan, wild animals are the real "masters", and our staff can at best be regarded as the "bodyguards" of others."
Hu Qiaoli said that in order to understand the situation of wild animals and plants in the protected area, there are more than 30 professional patrols every day, patrolling along 16 elaborate protection routes, and there will be a "turning circle" every month, which will spend almost a whole day throughout the entire protected area.
"During inspections, not only to check the biodiversity, but also to install artificial bird nests, rescue injured wild animals, install wild infrared cameras, etc."
More than 200 infrared cameras have been installed in Songshan National Nature Reserve to record the living conditions of wild animals in the forest.
Hu Qiaoli said that as the biodiversity of the reserve has been enriched in recent years, more and more wild animals have appeared in the lens. Leopard cats, raccoon dogs and pig badgers have become "resident guests", and the "special exposure rate" of the national second-level protected animal impala.
Zhang Zhiming, director of the Department of Wild Animal and Plant and Wetland Protection of the Beijing Municipal Landscaping Bureau, said that the number of terrestrial spine wildlife in Beijing has increased from 461 in 1994 to more than 500 now. The types and number of wildlife in Beijing have continued to increase in recent years.
Wild animals are becoming more and more common in cities, which is closely related to the escalating greening of capital cities in recent years.
In particular, the new round of a million acres of afforestation construction started in 2018, which proposes to reshape the urban ecological environment, enhance the ecological function of forest greenbelts, and highlight the concept of "near nature".
The plan strives to achieve interconnection and interaction with the surrounding green spaces, to facilitate wild animals to "walk relatives and friends", and the trees planted are also the honey and food plants that animals love.
Black land "seeding" agricultural modernization-Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Harbin, July 26th, Title: Black land "seeding" agricultural modernization
In midsummer, two aircrafts spraying chemicals passed through the 10,000-mu high-yield demonstration field at the second operation station of the fifth management area of Youyi Farm, forming two white lines. The green field with black rice seedlings was particularly eye-catching.
Kong Lingqiang, the director of the operation station, said that this kind of aircraft can spray chemicals on more than 6,000 acres of cultivated land a day, with an efficiency about 8 times that of a drone and hundreds of times that of manual labor.
This farm is located in Youyi County, Heilongjiang Province, China's largest grain-producing province. From the sound of rice cutting in the past to the sound of the motor of "rumbling", traditional Chinese farming and farming have transformed on this black soil belt.
In addition to aircraft, satellites are also used in the modern agricultural production of Friendship Farm.
Kong Lingqiang introduced that on the one hand, they use satellite remote sensing technology to achieve precise fertilization, reduce agricultural investment, and reduce pollution; on the other hand, satellite navigation technology can improve the standardization of agricultural machinery in the field.
In this year's rice production process, the farm expanded the area of satellite navigation unmanned rice transplantation technology from 3,000 acres last year to 30,000 acres.
This technology allows seedlings to be planted more evenly, maximizing the use of sunlight and cultivated land resources, and saving 16 yuan in labor cost per mu.
The farm tried new technologies such as informatization and intelligence in agricultural production, forming China's largest agricultural machinery group from the ground to the sky.
According to statistics, the current total holdings of farm machinery are 49,000 units, and the comprehensive mechanization rate in the field is 99.8%.
Agricultural machinery operation realizes 100% of GPS satellite navigation, 100% field precision seeding, and 100% field horsepower locomotive operation.
"Green agriculture, smart agriculture, and digital agriculture are the way to explore agricultural modernization."
Liu Hualian, director of the Friendship Farm, said.
The key to agricultural modernization lies in technological progress.
In recent years, Heilongjiang Agricultural Reclamation, represented by a farm, has played a demonstration and leading role in the modern large-scale agricultural "aircraft carrier", and has initially established a modern agricultural industrial system led by large-scale planting, standardized production, and industrialized operation.
On the outskirts of Youyi County, there is an agricultural machinery exhibition park covering an area of 350,000 square meters.
Here, more than 140 sets (pieces) of agricultural machinery introduced and used by Heilongjiang Agricultural Reclamation are exhibited.
These agricultural machinery and farms have witnessed the development of China's agricultural modernization.
She Xiaojia for everyone-Anhui Hefei Jiangkouhe Lianwei mass transfer direct hit-Xinhua Net
Xinhua News Agency, Hefei, July 26th, Title: She Xiaojia is for everyone — the mass transfer of Jiangkouhe Lianwei, Hefei, Anhui
Xinhua News Agency reporters Chen Shangying, Wang Liwu, Liu Xiacun
At more than 4 pm on July 25, Fu Kunbao wore muddy rubber shoes from the front room to the back room, and his wife Zhou Yan was busy packing things back and forth.
"I received a call from the village cadre to transfer, and I was still in the field."
Fu Kunbao said that he had circulated more than 60 acres of land and planted rice, and the situation is good now. "Yesterday I also took medicine, and I didn’t get all the tools."
Fu Kunbao pointed to the pesticide sprayer in the corner, "No one wants to be flooded at home, let Xiaojia do it for everyone."
In order to cope with the continued high water level pressure and possible heavy rainfall in Chaohu Lake, Hefei City, Anhui Province is preparing to launch the Jiangkouhe Lianxu flood storage for Fu Kunbao’s home on the 26th.
Jiangkouhe Lianwei is located in Feixi County, close to Chaohu Embankment.
There are thousands of villagers in Yandian Township and Sanhe Town who need to be transferred.
As of 16:00 on the 25th, the water level of Chaohu Lake, China's fifth largest freshwater lake, remained at a high level of 13.2 meters, exceeding the guaranteed water level by 0.7 meters.
Fu Kunbao's kitchen was clean and tidy, with a pot of pumpkin head vegetables on the table, eggs and some braised vegetables in the refrigerator.
"I didn't expect to move. The water of Jiangkou River looks good now."
Zhou Yan said that the house is a bungalow, and some big objects have not yet been figured out where to put them.
"Take away valuables first, and large items such as refrigerators and televisions can be temporarily placed in high-rise neighbors or relatives."
Village cadre Wang Liwen gave Fu Kunbao an idea.
Wang Liwen is responsible for the transfer and resettlement work of 13 villagers, and one household and one household informs to confirm each person's resettlement plan.
The closest resettlement site to Fu Kunbao's home is Su Primary School in Yandian Township, about 2 kilometers away.
In addition to the large items, Fu Kunbao's couple also had headaches of more than 1,000 pounds of grain at home and some newly bought furniture.
"The food preparation was dragged to relatives' homes, and the furniture could not be moved."
As soon as the couple discussed, they put a stool under the newly purchased bed and raised the bed about half a meter.
At 6 pm, Fu Kunbao began to use tricycles to transport things to relatives' homes, and Zhou Yan continued to pack up at home.
At 11 o'clock in the evening, the couple read it back and forth at home, pulled the electric switch, and prepared to go to the resettlement site.
"I hope the water will retreat sooner."
Fu Kunbao said.
At 9:30 in the morning on July 26, the reporter saw at the scene of Jiangkouhe Lianwei that the local area had made all preparations before flood diversion.
Zhang Jikelin Xiaozhai team up to support young muscles-Xinhua
The sports youth passionate sports show "Sports Boys" officially landed on Hunan Satellite TV on July 11.
Sports leader Zhang Jike and sports assistant Lin Xiaozhai cross the stage, Lin Dan and Fu Yuanhui commented on their own style, and the hard core of the "monster" power-pulling device appeared, which made the program "burning" full of power.
In the first episode, 11 sports teenagers appeared on the power circuit. While the appearance was amazing to the audience, the "strong conflict", "strong confrontation" and "strong heart" on the arena also attracted attention.
Among them, the "strong conflict" comes from Super A sports student Qiao Wenyi. Before the game, he publicly provoked Xu Zhibin, who is also known as the "flower beautiful man" in the track. The appearance of Xu Zhibin should sing and dance programs, and even release the cruel words "Don't lose your makeup and cry."
A few words made the teenagers and sports leaders on the field take a breath.
The "strong confrontation" is more like a fairy fight. Sun Jianqi, known as the "big devil", met Zhang Xindong, who is also strong, and staged a strong confrontation.
Their identity is also unexpected, Sun Jianqi is an actor who loves fitness, and Zhang Xindong is a retired special team member and a three-time warrior medal winner.
At the beginning of the game, the two teenagers tried their best to quickly pull out the small pole, and the enduring confrontation on the big pole made the audience squeeze for them.
Under tight conditions, Zhang Jike, as one of the sports leaders of "Sports Boys", also watched the game seriously.
In the comment session, he was also very attentive. He patiently encouraged the boy who lost the game and helped every mistake in the replay.
While sports assistant Lin Xiaozhai is a fancy assist, she has not concealed her appreciation of the young men who are strong online.
It is even more admirable to learn about the overloaded daily training of sports teenagers.
Lin Dan and Fu Yuanhui, who are also sports leaders, have their own styles. One is the "Prophet" who is calm and calm, and the other is the "Honghuang Girl" who uses a smile to dispel the tension.
In addition, Jike Junyi and Liu Ye, as sports assistants, also created a lot of hilarious topics around sports teenagers.
Church fire in Nantes, France: Parish volunteers admit arson
China News Service, July 26. According to foreign media reports, on July 18, the religious and historical buildings of Nantes, France, and the famous St. Peter and St. Paul Cathedral were severely damaged in a fire, and the organ was completely destroyed.
On the 26th local time, the Nantes prosecutor announced that a parish volunteer who was in charge of the security work in the cathedral has been prosecuted on charges of "arson destruction".
He has confessed that he is igniting himself in the church.
According to reports, local prosecutor Cenas said that the 39-year-old diocese volunteer from Rwanda admitted that he set fire to three places in the cathedral at night.
The person's lawyer said that the arsonist now regrets doing this kind of thing.
The man entered France by refuge a few years ago, was sheltered in the parish where the fire broke out, and was taken in in the church.
The prosecutor pointed out that recently, he tried to renew his visa and was in dialogue with the police.
But the church said that he still couldn't believe it. This believer who was usually very kind and smiling, but didn't talk much would destroy the church he loved so much.
On the day of the fire on July 18, the volunteer had been questioned by the police for investigation because of illogical problems in the narrative, but he was later released.
The picture shows the firefighters rescue at the scene.
On the evening of the 25th, because the professional engineer of the Paris Central Police Laboratory obtained new evidence, this person was summoned again.
This time, the man admitted his arson.
According to reports, if the charge of deliberate arson damage is established, the suspect may face 10 years in prison and a fine of 150,000 euros.
According to reports, the fire caused severe damage to the Basilica of St. Pierre and St. Paul, the pipe organ in the church was completely burned, and the stained glass windows behind the pipe organ were also severely damaged.
Brune, the chief architect of the French historical protection building, believes that it is conservatively estimated that the restoration of the Nantes Cathedral will take at least 3 years.
Comprehensive news: US unilateralism undermines relations between the two countries
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26th: Xinhua News Agency reporters abroad reported: On the morning of July 24, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs notified the US Embassy in China that China decided to revoke the establishment and operation permits for the US Consulate General in Chengdu and set specific requirements for the Consulate General to cease all business and activities.
International public opinion believes that the unilateralist measures taken by the United States have caused serious problems to the relationship between China and the United States. China responded to the unreasonable provocation of the United States, and it is just and necessary to take countermeasures.
Andres Bolkes, director of the China Research Center at the Institute of International Studies at the University of Chile, said that the unilateralist measures of the United States have broken the bridge of understanding between the peoples of China and the United States and put the relationship between the two great powers in crisis.
China informed the United States that the closure of its consulate general in Chengdu is a countermeasure against the unilateral measures of the United States and is in accordance with diplomatic practice.
Patricio Giusto, a professor at the Catholic University of Argentina and director of the Arab-Chinese Research Center, believes that the above-mentioned Chinese decision is a legitimate and necessary countermeasure against the previous provocation of the United States, and not aimed at ordinary American citizens.
The United States tried to pressure China to cover up its ineffective response to the new crown epidemic and divert the attention of the American people.
Banbang Suryono, chairman of the Asian Innovation Research Center of the Indonesian think tank, said that the provocative diplomatic posture of the United States has caused serious problems for Sino-US relations, and the two countries are facing severe challenges.
China informed the United States that the closure of its consulate general in Chengdu is a normal countermeasure, which is in line with diplomatic practice and reflects both China’s principled stand of resolutely safeguarding its own interests and China’s diplomacy.
Tanzanian current affairs commentator Francis Semvinza said that the above decision of China is a just and necessary response to the provocation of the United States.
China-US relations should return to normal, and the US should take the initiative to improve relations with China and stop interfering in China's internal affairs.
The United States should focus on how to achieve economic and political win-win results with China, and how to benefit the two peoples and the entire international community.
Ali Yusuf, the executive director of the Sudan-based Federation of Arab-Chinese Friendship Associations, said that the countermeasures China was forced to take were a just and necessary response to the unreasonable actions of the United States, which was in accordance with international law and basic norms of international relations, as well as diplomatic practice.
Earlier, the US demanded that the Chinese consulate in Houston be closed in serious violation of international law and basic norms of international relations.
It is hoped that the United States will withdraw its previous decisions and create the necessary conditions for the normalization of relations between the two countries.
Singapore’s Lianhe Zaobao published an editorial saying that the United States’ greater strategic intention is to contain China and prevent its continued rise.
Facing the pressure from the United States, although China is very reluctant to see Sino-US relations continue to deteriorate, it has to take countermeasures.
(Participants: Yin Nan, Zhang Xiaoran, Ni Ruijie, Liang Hui, Gao Zhu, Li Sibo, Ma Yichuang, Wang Lili)
Xinhua News Agency, Guangzhou, July 26 (Reporter Mao Xin) The reporter learned from the Guangdong Maritime Police Bureau that the bureau has cooperated with the Guangzhou Customs and the public security department to smash a large smuggled refined oil gang and initially verified that the gang has smuggled about 120,000 tons of refined oil since 2019. The case value is about 800 million yuan and the tax evasion is about 240 million yuan.
The Guangdong Maritime Police Bureau and the Customs Anti-smuggling Department have gradually figured out the division of labor and organizational structure of the gang.
On July 8th, the Coast Guard, Customs and Public Security departments carried out unified network collection operations in Guangzhou, Foshan and other areas and the Pearl River Estuary, seized 4 suspected smuggling vessels on the spot, seized a total of 4,700 tons of refined oil in the involved ships and oil depots, and frozen a batch of capital accounts.
It is understood that this joint operation dispatched a total of 8 ships and 2 helicopters, divided into a number of action teams to cooperate in combat, and carried out a full chain attack on sea smuggling and illegal operations on land. All 35 major criminal suspects were on the scene.
The case is currently under investigation.
The relevant person in charge of the Guangdong Maritime Police Bureau said that in the future, it will continue to maintain a high pressure situation, combat all kinds of smuggling and illegal criminal activities at sea, and maintain a good order in the sea area of the jurisdiction.
Hurricane "Hannah" landed in Texas, may cause river surges and flash floods
China News Service, July 26th. Comprehensive foreign media reports that the hurricane "Hannah" landing in Texas, United States at 5 pm local time on the 25th will bring strong storms and storms to the Texas River, and may cause life-threatening flash floods.
The National Hurricane Center said that Hurricane Hannah is expected to carry heavy rain and sweep across parts of southern and northeastern Texas. The rain may cause some rivers to surge and life-threatening flash floods.
According to reports, the most severely affected by Hurricane Hannah is the area south of the city of Corpus Christi to the mouth of the Grand River, and a large-scale flash flood may occur in the Rio Grande Valley.
Texas Governor Abbot said on the 25th: "Any hurricane is a huge challenge."
There are 32 counties in the state that have entered a disaster emergency due to hurricanes.
The city of Corpus Christi, with a population of over 320,000, has closed its libraries and museums, and residents are waiting in line.
Abbott also said that while Texas is suffering from a new crown epidemic, the hurricane cannot be allowed to cause more casualties in Texas.
According to reports, precipitation in southern Texas is expected to reach 6 to 12 inches at night on the 26th, and there will also be 3 to 5 inches of rain in northern Texas and coastal areas of Louisiana.
Due to global warming and other factors, "Hannah" was formed earlier than the previous Atlantic hurricane season.
In general, the first hurricane in the Atlantic Ocean will not form until mid-August.
Poland will withdraw from European treaty to prevent violence against women
The Polish Ministry of Justice said on Saturday that Poland will take steps next week to withdraw from the European treaty to prevent violence against women.
The Polish government cabinet on the right said that the treaty requires schools to teach students about gender issues, trampling the rights of students’ parents.
Polish Minister of Justice Gibro held a press conference and said that the Ministry of Justice he headed will make a request to the Ministry of Labor and Family on Monday to start withdrawing from the treaty.
That treaty is also known as the Istanbul Convention.
Giobolo said, "The treaty contains some elements that we believe are harmful to form."
Poland’s ruling Law and Justice Party and its ruling alliance partners have a close alliance with the Roman Catholic Church and promote a conservative social agenda.
During the successful re-election campaign this month, Polish President Duda made hostility to homosexual rights one of the main issues.
On Friday, thousands of Poles (most of them women) held protests in Warsaw and some other cities against the withdrawal of the Convention.
Lempat, one of the organizers of the protest, said in a protest march in Warsaw that “the purpose of withdrawing from the treaty is to legalize domestic violence”.
Some protesters held banners that read "The Law and Justice Party is a hell of women."
The Law and Justice Party has long complained about the Istanbul Convention.
Poland’s previous centrist ruling government ratified the convention in 2015.
The Law and Justice Party government stated that the treaty does not respect religion and requires that liberal social policies be taught in schools.
But so far the party has not decided to withdraw from the convention.
(According to Reuters report)
Brazilian President's new crown virus test results turn negative-Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Brasilia, July 25 (Reporter Zhou Xingzhu) Brazilian President Bosonaro announced on his personal social media account on the 25th that his latest test for the new coronavirus was negative.
In addition to publishing the latest test results, Bosonaro also posted photos of himself holding a hydroxychloroquine kit on social media.
Bosonaro has always insisted that this drug can effectively treat the new coronavirus infection, and has repeatedly shown himself taking this drug through social media live broadcasts.
According to Brazilian media reports, Bossonaro announced the virus test results that day and then drove on a motorcycle to travel to the capital of Brasilia and met with a member of Congress.
Previously, Bosonaro had been isolated in the presidential residence.
Bosonaro announced on the 7th of this month in a joint local live broadcast that he himself tested positive for the new coronavirus on the 6th and conducted two additional tests on the 14th and 21st, both of which were positive.
Jiangxi opens "green channel" for frontline youths to fight against the flood-Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Nanchang, July 26 (Guo Dongming, Xiong Liang) The Recruitment Office of the Jiangxi Provincial People's Government has made it clear that individuals or their children who have performed outstandingly in the flood relief and disaster relief missions who meet the conditions for application and who are qualified for both physical examination and political assessment will be given priority.
"After the registration of the recruited youth, we will verify the joint recruitment of the community where the recruited youth is located, the Street Armed Forces Department and the Xunyang District Recruitment Office, and give priority to recruiting troops."
Wang Hui, deputy minister of the Ministry of Human Resources and Military Affairs of Xunyang District, Jiujiang City, said that affected by the floods, they will focus on three days to organize medical examinations for young recruits from the 25th.
Zhou Jingfan, a youth recruited in Xunyang District of Jiujiang City, is a 22-year-old college graduate. His mother is a community worker and his father is a veteran of a certain Air Force department. Zhou Jingfan’s parents have been on duty on the front lines of flood control and flood control for more than ten days.
"These days, I saw in the news that the soldiers of the people's children struggled to defend their hometown on the front line against the flood. I also wanted to be like them."
Zhou Jingfan said that he had had a military dream since he was a child, and through this fight against flooding, he further strengthened his determination to join the military camp.
Jiujiang also used flood fighting as a "living teaching material" for recruiting and propaganda. They took the community as a unit and called on the recruited youth to volunteer to participate in tasks such as patrolling and embankment patrols, on duty, and so on. They now realized the nature and purpose of the People's Army and strengthened their confidence in joining the army and serving the country.
Luo Jiuyu, political commissar of the People’s Military Department of Xunyang District of Jiujiang City, said that by giving priority to recruiting soldiers, he hopes to inspire more young recruits and create a good social atmosphere for the glorious participation in the task and the glory of joining the army.
According to Vietnam News Agency, Grivori believes that Vietnam has made tremendous contributions to the development of ASEAN in the past 25 years.
Vietnam is not only a responsible member of ASEAN, but also a locomotive of ASEAN.
Griveri said that Russia and even the Asia-Europe Economic Union believes that Vietnam has contributed to ASEAN's improvement of its status and its image.
He emphasized that "ASEAN should therefore thank Vietnam."
Grivori said that analysts give recognition to the peace initiative proposed by Vietnam.
Vietnam is willing to share experiences with ASEAN countries and propose constructive peace measures to the problems facing the Asia-Pacific region, including the East China Sea issue.
Regarding cooperation between Vietnam and Russia under the framework of ASEAN, Griveri believes that Vietnam provides support for the cooperative relationship between Russia and ASEAN and helps Russia gain benefits under this framework of cooperation.
The Asia-Europe Economic Union, including Russia, and Vietnam can enter the ASEAN market after signing a free trade agreement.
Grivori suggested maximizing the free trade area between the Asia-Europe Economic Union and ASEAN countries to create an economic, safe and stable platform.
Griveri also believes that Russia, Vietnam and ASEAN are on the right track and will achieve their goals.
From now until the end of 2020, Beijiang Province will have the necessary conditions, especially in infrastructure, human resources and land, in order to actively welcome foreign capital inflows, especially multinational groups that own value chains and transfer advanced technologies.
In addition, Beijiang Province will handle the submission and approval of the Prime Minister’s decision to invest in infrastructure construction and operation projects in the Vietnam-Korea Industrial Zone to add the two industrial-city-services zones of Anshan-Beilong and Anlu in the province to the overall plan for the development of Vietnam’s industrial zone by 2020.
At the same time, Beijiang Province strives to accelerate the progress of various projects, especially in infrastructure construction and operation projects in industrial park clusters such as Hefu, Gwangju, and Shuangxi-Neihuang, and forms a land fund for investment attraction.
In 2020, the Beijiang Provincial Industry and Trade Bureau will participate in making suggestions on the planning of the designated industrial zones and industrial clusters to be included in the provincial planning.
Beijiang Province has decided to combine the development of industrial park clusters with the protection of national defense security, protection of the ecological environment, and food security, thereby promoting balanced industrial development; it has comprehensive power, water supply, transportation, and telecommunications infrastructure, and is combined with urban construction, trade services, worker housing, and other social infrastructures such as health and education.
In the industrial zone, Beijiang Province is striving to appeal for high-tech and clean technology investment projects in the fields of power, electronics, telecommunications equipment, precision machinery, and auxiliary industries.
In industrial park clusters, the province calls for small and medium-sized investment projects in the fields of production and utilization of local labor, especially agricultural products, food processing and other fields.
In the future, Beijiang Province will focus on accelerating investment in the infrastructure of Beijiang City's logistics center, and develop it in parallel with industrial park clusters to optimize the flow of goods and currency and help reduce production costs, increase the value of goods, optimize the supply chain, and develop multimodal transport, thereby creating attractiveness for investors to invest in the province.
Upgraded version of the Russian armed helicopter card -52M first shipped at the end of the year-Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Moscow, July 25. According to the plan of the Russian Ministry of Defense, an upgraded version of the Russian armed helicopter (hereinafter referred to as Wuzhi) Ka-52, Ka-52M, will be completed for the first time in December this year, and will be rebuilt and shipped. This model will have greater improvements in reconnaissance, communications and weapon performance.
According to a recent report from the Russian “News”, Wuzhika-52M is named “Super Alligator”. Its development contract was signed by the Russian military and military units in April last year. Currently, the first two upgraded versions of Wuzhi are undergoing transformation and replacement at the Far East Helicopter Manufacturing Plant of the Russian “Progress” Aerospace Group. Its national-level testing and improvement will be completed by October 2022.
According to Russian experts who understand the above-mentioned upgrade work, Wuzhika-52, the "predecessor" of the "super alligator", was officially installed in November 2011. This model has revealed some weaknesses in use. This transformation and upgrade is just to "make up for the shortcomings."
It is reported that compared with the Ka-52, the Ka-52M will use new protective materials that will not increase the weight. The pilot cockpit will be reinforced and equipped with new equipment to resist missile attacks, thereby increasing the probability of battlefield survival; equipped with a more powerful generator to power more complex airborne electronic equipment; the upgrade of the photoelectric system can detect and identify more distant battlefield targets; equipped with the main attack armored combat vehicle and the new type of firearms and reinforced concrete.
In addition, Ka-52M will have a more advanced electronic guidance system, weapon aiming system and navigation equipment.
Russian experts also said that it is worth noting that Ka-52M will be equipped with communication equipment to communicate with the drone, so as to obtain real-time information transmitted by nearby drones in the air, such as displaying the images taken by the drone on the cockpit screen of the helicopter.
According to the plan, the pilots of Ka-52M can directly control the unmanned aerial vehicles to improve the pilot's mastery of the battlefield situation and the guidance of long-range missiles.
According to Russian media reports, Russian Deputy Defense Minister Krivoruchko said in December last year that the Russian Defense Ministry planned to purchase more than 110 Wuzhika-52M by 2027.
The new decree stipulates that indoor public places in Campania must wear masks from now on, and offenders can be fined up to 1,000 euros.
On June 1, local time, the Italian capital, Rome, the Colosseum reopened.
According to reports, according to the latest epidemic prevention decree issued by the regional government, people in the Campania region must use all public transportation and enter and exit indoor public places such as shops, bars, supermarkets and exhibition halls, and must wear masks in accordance with epidemic prevention requirements.
Those who violate this rule can be fined up to 1,000 Euros.
The decree also stipulates that all passengers entering the Campania region from non-Schengen countries must be quarantined.
The regional government will authorize health agencies to coordinate the arrangement of specific hotels to isolate positive and asymptomatic people.
The decree officially entered into force on July 25.
In less than an hour, three customers who entered the supermarket received fines.
Hebei has made 1.75 billion cubic meters of ecological water supply this year
Xinhua News Agency, Shijiazhuang, July 26 (Reporter Wang Kun) The reporter learned from the Hebei Provincial Department of Water Resources that since this year, Hebei Province has made overall use of the water from the Yangtze River and local reservoirs to implement ecological water replenishment to 28 rivers such as the Hutuo River, Tanghe River, Juma River, and Baiyangdian, and has completed 1.75 billion cubic meters of ecological water replenishment.
Hebei Province seized the favorable opportunity of increasing the flow of water in the middle route of the South-to-North Water Diversion Project, and used river diversion water to implement ecological water replenishment to the Tanghe, Shahe, and Zhulong Rivers.
At the same time, nine large and medium-sized reservoirs such as the Western Ocean and Dongwu Shi and Baiyangdian were used to make up water for the rivers such as Fuyang River and Qinglong River. The accumulated water surface area exceeded 90 square kilometers.
In order to do a good job of ecological water replenishment, the Hebei Provincial Department of Water Resources actively organizes the investigation of hidden dangers, remediation and reinforcement of rivers for replenishment of rivers, and the cleaning of river channels.
Through supervision and inspection and centralized unannounced visits, various problems were solved in a timely manner, ensuring the safe and orderly filling of the river.
According to the relevant person in charge of the Hebei Provincial Department of Water Resources, the orderly implementation of river and lake ecological replenishment has effectively restored the river and lake water ecological environment in Hebei Province, promoted the replenishment and conservation of coastal groundwater, greatly improved the residential environment and economic development environment along the route, and is of great significance to the realization of the river and lake management and protection goals of "water clearing, shore green, smooth river and beautiful scenery".
(Voice of Deutschland China) Over the past two weeks, Spain’s new crown and confirmed crown cases have rebounded sharply, and thousands of new cases have appeared in many days.
The British government temporarily decided on the evening of Saturday (July 25) to remove Spain from the safe travel list from 0:00 local time on the 26th, and people entering the UK from Spain must be quarantined for 14 days.
British tourists who are on vacation in Spain expressed surprise, worry, and even anger at the decision, because the news was unexpected and unexpected.
According to reports, British Transport Minister Grant Shapps is currently on vacation in Spain.
Before the release of isolation measures in the UK, Norway has also announced that people returning from Spain to Norway will be subject to a 10-day quarantine.
France and Belgium advise their residents to abandon their vacation plans in Barcelona and the surrounding area.
The beaches in these areas are overcrowded and there is no way to maintain social distance between people. The police once needed to take measures to reduce the number of beach tourists.
Tourism is an important pillar industry in Spain
Spain: here is safe
In response to the British decision, the Spanish Ministry of Foreign Affairs said on Sunday that the country's epidemic was under control.
Spanish Foreign Minister Arancha Gonzalez Laya emphasized to the media: "Spain is safe, not only for Spaniards, but also for tourists."
The Spanish government will try to persuade the British government to exclude the Balearic Islands and Canary Islands from the isolation measures.
The reason is that the infection rate of these two tourist resorts is much lower than that of the British mainland.
In order to prevent the spread of the epidemic, the Catalonia region of Spain has also restarted the "foot ban".
Tourism is an important pillar industry in Spain, and Spain is one of the most popular holiday destinations for British tourists.
The British decision is expected to greatly affect the Spanish tourism industry.
Quiet/Ren Chen (German News Agency, Reuters)
The first day of mid-voltage: Beijing will not say goodbye to the high temperature and scorching heat
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26th (Reporter Ni Yuanjin) July 26th is the first day of this year's "middle".
The strong wind and shower convection in the early morning of the 26th dispelled the high temperature and scorching heat that have enveloped the Beijing area for days. A new round of rain will continue for several days.
The Beijing Meteorological Observatory announced at 11:00 on the 26th that there were scattered showers (with weak lightning) in Beijing on 26th, and the daily maximum temperature was only 27℃; there were light to moderate rain at night (with weak lightning), and the minimum temperature at night was 23℃.
In the previous 24 to 25 days, the whole city of Beijing was in the high-temperature blue warning. The daily maximum temperature in most areas was around 37℃, and local high temperatures exceeded 40℃.
Futian is the hottest, humid, and sultry day of the year. There are "three volts" in a year, and the hottest is in the middle. The "bitter summer" that Chinese people say is at this time.
When entering the downfall, every family fills up the barn, and there are folk sayings that "one dumpling makes two dumplings".
According to current forecasts, it will be rainy in Beijing in the next three days.
The meteorological department reminds the public to minimize mountain play and beware of geological disasters.
It is understood that this year's "medium" has 20 days, starting from July 26 and ending on August 14.
After entering the "medium", people will feel weak and lack of appetite.
In the diet, you can choose foods such as mung beans, barley, etc. that have the effect of clearing heat and relieving heat, strengthening the spleen and appetizing, and bitter foods such as bitter vegetables and bitter gourd, which can help increase appetite and eliminate summer heat.
Engine may shut down, FAA orders 2000 Boeing passenger jets
The Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) issued an emergency airworthiness directive on the 24th, requiring emergency inspections of approximately 2000 Boeing 737NG and 737 Classic passenger aircraft registered in the United States. The reason is that the air check valve of the passenger aircraft may be corroded and may cause the engine to stop in the air.
The Federal Aviation Administration said that it has received 4 reports of 737NG and 737Class passenger aircraft engine parking so far, and therefore made an emergency inspection request. The inspection objects are passenger aircraft that have been parked for 7 consecutive days or more and passenger aircraft that have been flying less than 11 times since re-entry.
The Federal Aviation Administration warned that if the Level 5 check valves of both engines of the passenger aircraft were corroded, they might be stuck in the open position, causing the passenger aircraft to completely lose power and unable to restart the engine.
The aviation regulator ordered that once the check valve was found to be corroded, the airline operator must replace this critical component before the passenger aircraft is put into service again.
Boeing responded later that day, the outbreak of the new crown epidemic led to reduced travel demand, and many passenger aircraft were therefore sealed or used less, "check valves are more likely to be corroded."
Boeing also said that it has advised airline operators to check the passenger aircraft involved in the directive. If problems are found, Boeing will provide assistance in overhauling and replacing check valves.
The Associated Press reported that passenger planes owned by major U.S. aviation operators usually fly multiple times a day, but after the outbreak of the New Crown epidemic, a large number of passenger planes were grounded; as passenger travel demand has recently grown slowly, some passenger planes have been re-opened.
The FAA did not release the details of the four air parking reports.
Alaska Airlines disclosed one of the incidents later on the 24th.
The airline operator said in a statement that one of its passenger jets flew from Seattle, Washington to Austin, Texas on July 15 when an engine suddenly stopped and the passenger plane finally landed at Austin Airport.
Alaska Airlines said it had replaced the engine of the passenger plane and had checked the engines of six passenger planes in accordance with the FAA directive.
American Airlines, United Airlines, and Southwest Airlines said on the 24th that their passenger planes did not experience engine stalling associated with air check valves.
Four airlines of American Airlines will be inspected, and 28 airlines of United Airlines will be inspected.
Delta Air Lines said it will check its 20 passenger jets, but did not specify whether there has been an engine stall.
Many media reported that the Federal Aviation Administration's emergency airworthiness directive was another impact on Boeing.
A Boeing 737MAX passenger jet of Lion Air Indonesia and Ethiopian Airlines each crashed in October 2018 and March 2019, killing a total of 346 people.
This series of passenger aircraft was subsequently grounded globally. Production was suspended in January this year and production resumed in May.
The FAA Director Steve Dixon admitted in June that the FAA had "made a mistake" in the supervision of Boeing regarding the 737MAX passenger aircraft.
"Dingdong Goes Online! Good Teacher" comes online next week, Xue Zhaofeng leads "Knowledge Promoter-Xinhua Net
There are new variety shows online.
The interactive knowledge sharing program "Dingdong is online! Good teacher" will be broadcast on Hunan Satellite TV starting July 20.
It is understood that the program will create a new all-age youth classroom, a group of talented and talented teachers will be on the battlefield, challenging the output of interesting knowledge.
Different from the serious impressions of teachers in the past in the public's mind, "Ding Dong Goes Online! Good Teacher" gathers a group of knowledge representatives with both value and talent.
They are not only role models of youth knowledge from various disciplines, but also a group of all-round "satin hand" who can carry the burden and be good at entertaining.
On the show, this group of outstanding young people's role models as "knowledge sharing officers" will challenge interesting knowledge classrooms.
They need to impress the audience by outputting knowledge with attitude and showing the most interesting aspect of their subject.
The "Youdao group" composed of audiences of all ages will ask a variety of questions at the scene, which will increase the difficulty of the "knowledge sharing officer" teaching and add a little exciting atmosphere to the program.
According to reports, among the "knowledge sharing officers" were outstanding young teachers such as Li Yongle, a physics teacher affiliated to Renmin University of China, Zhang Xuefeng, a master teacher in postgraduate examinations, and Wang Lei, a history teacher with ten years of experience. They will present the "hard core" knowledge of various disciplines to the audience in an unexpected way.
In addition, the program also invited economics professor Xue Zhaofeng as the "knowledge promoter" of the program, together with "Dingdong Assistant Teachers" Du Haitao and Jin Mengjia, to talk with the audience about youth and create "Open Youth Class for All."
The Chief Secretary for Administration of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region: the situation is grim
Xinhua News Agency, Hong Kong, July 26. The Chief Secretary for Administration of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Zhang Jianzong, said on the 26th that the situation of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic in Hong Kong continues to be severe. If the epidemic situation deteriorates, the SAR government will resolutely take stricter control measures to further restrict the operation of business sites and reduce the space for citizens to go out.
However, at this stage, the SAR Government has no intention to introduce a "home order" or "foot restraint order" to restrict citizens from going out.
Zhang Jianzong published a blog titled "Severe Situation and Fighting against Epidemic Diseases" that day.
He said that this outbreak is the most severe in half a year, and it will be critical in the next two weeks, and we must do our best to prevent the virus from spreading further in the community.
In addition to the necessary measures taken by the SAR government, self-discipline and cooperation among citizens are also very important.
He urged citizens to stay at home as much as possible to reduce social contact and dining out.
The public should cooperate with the mandatory measures of wearing masks to protect themselves and others, and pay attention to personal and environmental hygiene and washing hands frequently, and should suspend non-essential family and friends gatherings or dinners and reduce to the market.
He said that the central government has always been very concerned about the changes in the epidemic situation in Hong Kong and supported the SAR government's anti-epidemic and anti-epidemic work, and actively responded to the latest request of the Chief Executive to provide assistance in increasing testing capabilities and refitting the Asia World Expo to work similar to "square cabin hospitals".
Zhang Jianzong said that the SAR Government has provided free virus detection for specific high-risk groups, namely, elderly homes, disabled homes and nursing home employees, restaurant employees, taxi drivers and property management employees, involving up to 400,000 people.
He is very concerned about the cases of infections that appear in residential care homes for the elderly. The SAR Government has arranged specific temporary quarantine centers for the residents of residential care homes for the elderly.
He said that the SAR Government is constructing isolation and quarantine facilities near the Penny's Bay Quarantine Center on Lantau Island in the New Territories. It is expected that an additional 700 isolation rooms will be provided by the end of September.
The Chief Executive also announced on the 19th that the SAR Government will build an additional 2,000 isolation rooms in the Penny's Bay Quarantine Center and strive to complete it by the end of this year.
In addition to the 800 isolation and quarantine centers already in use, the Penny's Bay Quarantine Center is expected to provide a total of 3,500 isolation rooms by the end of the year.
There are currently four isolation and quarantine centres in operation in Hong Kong, providing a total of about 2,600 isolation rooms.
In addition, the SAR Government reopened the Lei Yue Mun Park Resort on Hong Kong Island as a community isolation facility on the 24th for the treatment of patients under the age of 50 with independent self-care capabilities.
"Nutrition agent" to make up the history of the party and the history of new China
2020-07-26 17:37:29 Source: People's Forum Network Author: Zhu Yanjing Editor in charge: Zhu Yanjing
Recently, General Secretary Xi Jinping emphasized when visiting the Siping Battle Memorial Hall: "We should allow 1.4 billion people and more than 90 million party members, especially leading cadres at all levels, to learn the history of the Communist Party of China and the history of New China."
Studying the history of the party and the history of the new China is a compulsory course for party members and cadres who do not forget their original intentions and remember their missions. They should learn from them and enrich their nostalgia, cultivate their national feelings, and take the long march of the new era.
A magnificent party history and the history of New China record the hard struggle and glorious history of the Communist Party of China since its birth, and show the beliefs and loyalty built by the Communists with life and blood, and the original heart and mission forever.
History is the best textbook. For party members and cadres, the history of the party and the history of New China are the most brilliant chapters in this textbook.
Every party member and cadre must continuously strengthen the historical thinking of taking history as a mirror and moving towards the future, based on a new journey and a new mission, picking up the "relay baton" of the times, and taking the long march of contemporary people.
Use history to build the soul and stick to the original mission in studying the history of the party and the history of the new China.
The history of the party and the history of New China is full of the unchanging original mission of the Chinese Communists and the firm adherence to the rocky beliefs, demonstrating the simple feelings of the Communists forever with the people.
To understand the important events, important conferences, and important figures in the history of the Party and New China not only is the intuitive shock of the mind, the baptism of thought, but also the understanding of the connotation of the original belief from the depths of the soul, and the weight of the mission.
For party members and cadres, if they want to continuously improve their mission and maintain their advanced nature, they must find the starting point and fulcrum of our starting point in the history of the party and the history of New China, maintain a sober understanding and a firm position, spur the power of fighting for the country and the people, and ensure that the red rivers and revolutions laid down by the revolutionary ancestors will be passed on from generation to generation.
It is wise to study history and inherit the noble spirit in studying the history of the party and the history of new China.
Since the founding of the Communist Party of China, it has shaped a series of great spirits such as the Red Ship Spirit, Jinggangshan Spirit, Long March Spirit, Yanan Spirit, Anti-Japanese War Spirit, Xibaipo Spirit, "Two Bombs and One Star" Spirit, and Space Spirit.
The great spirit accumulated in these history provides strong spiritual incentives for our party to overcome various risks and challenges on the way forward, and it is a valuable spiritual asset that cannot be defeated, rushed, or robbed.
The process of studying Party history and Chinese history is a process of revisiting these spirits and shaping the self-spirit. We should consciously take the lofty spirit of the revolutionary ancestors as the mirror, stick to the spiritual home of the Communists, build a solid spiritual foundation for the promotion of great undertakings and realize great dreams, and inherit and carry forward these spirits, glowing a new era.
Reading history and introspecting, while studying the history of the party and the history of the new China, we continue to keep right and dispel evil.
For party members and cadres, there is never any history that can bring more profound warnings, enlightenment and reference than party history and the history of New China.
In the history of the party and the history of New China, we can see the great deeds of the older generation of revolutionaries dedicated to faith and perseverance to achieve the set goals, as well as the profound lessons of some people who have shaken their ideals and beliefs to the opposite side of the revolution. They have inspired and warned us that we will never stagnate and persevere with firm determination and will, and always maintain a strong and persistent spirit of self-cultivation.
To truly become a firm believer and loyal practitioner of communist lofty ideals, it is necessary to remove the "dust" of ideology and guard against "dirt", and the history of the party and the history of the new China should be the basis for each party member and cadre to inspect and warn himself.
Knowing the history and inspiration, and bravely picking the important task of the times in studying the history of the party and the history of the new China.
General Secretary Xi Jinping once pointed out: "Learning the history of the party and the country is a compulsory course for adhering to and developing socialism with Chinese characteristics and for continuously advancing the cause of the party and the state."
Looking back at history and inquiring about the original intention, it is to continue glory and move towards the future.
Every party member and cadre should take the study of the history of the party and the history of the new China as a lifelong pursuit, continue to straighten out the course of life in the study, bravely assume the historical mission, dare to take responsibility and take the initiative in their respective posts.
Adhere to the advanced deeds of the older generation of revolutionaries as reference and guidance, continue to polish the political qualities of the Communists, maintain a struggling posture that strives for the day and the day, and the spirit of struggle that is more difficult and more forward. Write a splendid stroke of your own in the great journey of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
"Secluded Jiangnan" pursues the poetic "Yellow River Dream"-中新网
(Chinese Poverty Alleviation Stories) "Populating Jiangnan" Pursues the Poetic "Yellow River Dream"
China News Agency, Yinchuan, July 26 (Yang Di) "Jiuqu Yellow River Wanlisha, the waves are blowing from the horizon."
The Yellow River, which aroused the enthusiasm of countless literati, gave birth to the beautiful and rich Ningxia Plain. Nowadays, Ningxia, which has the reputation of “plugging in the south of the river”, is adhering to the concept of “ecological priority and green development” and pursuing the poetic “Yellow River Dream”.
The "Bibo Dream" of the beautiful river
"The Yellow River in the world is rich in Ningxia". The Yellow River runs 397 kilometers through Ningxia and is the "mother river" that raises one side.
However, with the rapid progress of industrialization and urbanization, the development and utilization of rivers and lakes and the imbalance of management and protection, excessive discharge of sewage, surrounding lakes, and encroachment of waters and other chaos have emerged, resulting in black and odorous water, excessive water quality, dirty environment, and ecological degradation.
Now, Ningxia is promoting diverse restoration of aquatic ecology, and is working hard to return the Yellow River to the beautiful water.
Water control must start from the source.
In Yinchuan, Ningxia, the local government adopted the "standards   pollution control   strict management" approach. All industrial park wastewater was treated in a centralized manner, urban sewage treatment plants all achieved Class A A discharge, and black and odorous water bodies in urban built-up areas were basically eliminated. The third batch of China's black and odorous water demonstration cities were successfully declared.
In addition, Ningxia fully implemented the river and lake long-term system in 2017, and now it has achieved full coverage of the five-level river and lake long-term responsibility system in districts, cities, counties and villages, and rivers and lakes have become the norm.
Gu Jincheng, 64, who lives in a village by the Yellow River, witnessed the changes in the Yellow River: "The smell of water in the past was gone, and after the renovation, the smell was gone."
Gu Jincheng said that the ecological environment is better and his life is more comfortable. Now he often walks with his family to the Yellow River and feels the clear water and blue sky.
Sha Ouxiang's "Wetland Dream"
Flying birds, green trees, plank roads, clear water... The beauty of "Sha Ou Xiang Ji" in Fan Zhongyan's pen became a reality in the Yellow River Wetland Park in Yinchuan, Ningxia.
The Yellow River flows through Ningxia and forms a variety of wetlands such as river wetlands, lake wetlands, and swamp wetlands along the way. It plays an important role in promoting the rational use of water resources and the balance of aquatic ecology. It has also become an important international migration channel for birds.
Since 2009, relevant departments in Ningxia have invested a total of 3.45 billion yuan in wetland protection projects. At present, Yinchuan wetland area is 19,200 hectares, with a wetland protection rate of 78.5%. There are nearly 200 natural lakes and swamp wetlands. It has 5 national wetland parks, 1 national urban wetland park, 6 autonomous regional wetland parks, and 8 municipal parks.
Lv Jinhu, deputy director of Yinchuan Wetland Protection Center, told reporters that wetland protection has increased biodiversity, which is particularly evident in birds. "The relic gull is an endangered bird. There are only more than 20,000 birds in the world, and more than 2,000 of them live in Yinchuan Wetland."
At the same time, Ningxia has defined a red line in the 500-meter-wide wetland protection area on the banks of the Yinchuan section of the Yellow River according to law. It is stipulated that no unit or individual shall carry out development, construction and management activities within the scope of protection except for public welfare projects.
Zhao Shaoyong, deputy director of Yinchuan Water Conservancy Service Center, introduced that through pollution source control, comprehensive remediation of river and lake ecology and terminal wetland construction, the water quality of nine major drainage ditches in Ningxia has now reached 100% of Class IV standards. "Now the water is also clear, fish are swimming, and flowers are blooming."
Pratt & Whitney's "Drinking Water Dream"
Ningxia Yinchuan once had the title of "embarrassment": the only city along the Yellow City that "guarded the Yellow River from lack of water to drink."
Since 2010, Yinchuan has been facing persistent water shortages during the summer peak period. The “water shortage” in the past decade has become a painful summer experience for many high-floor residents. However, under the current situation that the major water sources are overexploited and large underground groundwater over-funnel areas have been formed underground, water-based water shortage has become a problem that plagues Yinchuan.
Benefiting from the improvement of the water quality of the Yellow River, drinking and purifying the Yellow River water has become a good solution to the drinking problems of local residents.
Ding Ming, deputy director of Yinchuan Municipal Water Affairs Bureau, introduced that in order to improve the daily production and water demand of Yinchuan urban and rural residents, Ningxia timely launched the Yinchuan metropolitan urban and rural west line water supply project to replace the original groundwater source with high-quality Yellow River water.
"On December 29, 2019, the water supply project officially passed water to the three districts of Yinchuan City. In 2020, residents of Minning Town and Helan County also drank the Yellow River water."
Ding Ming said that Yinchuan Water Conservancy Department will make overall plans for the integration of regional rural drinking water and urban water supply. "Next, we will integrate all scattered water supply points in the countryside into the Western Water Supply Project. It is expected that the urban and rural integrated water supply in Yinchuan will be basically realized by the end of this year."
Compacting Responsibilities, Various Departments Strengthen Flood Control and Disaster Relief Work
Responsibility for compaction, various departments strengthen the work of flood prevention and disaster relief
CCTV news (news broadcast): From the Ministry of Water Resources, at 12 o'clock today (July 25), the warning water level below the Wangjiaba section of the main stream of the Huaihe River exceeded the warning level of 0.64 to 3.31 meters, and the lower section of the mainstream of the Yangtze River in the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River and the two lakes exceeded the warning level of 0.05 to 2.02 meters.
Taihu Lake has lasted 28 days since it exceeded the warning level on June 28.
At 12 o'clock today, the average water level of Taihu Lake was 4.67 meters, exceeding the guaranteed water level by 0.02 meters.
Today, the State Council for Economic Control and Economic Development decided to continue to maintain the Ⅱ response of the Yangtze River and the Huaihe River in flood control, requiring localities to compact their responsibilities and further implement the flood control and disaster relief work.
Today, the National Defense Office and the Ministry of Emergency Management urgently dispatched professional drainage trucks in Shandong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang, and Fujian to help Jiangxi solve local waterlogging problems caused by heavy rainfall.
U.S. launches anti-subsidy investigation against China with “undervalued RMB exchange rate” for the first time
In response to the U.S. Department of Commerce’s recent announcement, it has decided to launch an anti-dumping and anti-subsidy investigation on cable ties (string ties) originating in China, and launched an investigation into the “undervalued RMB exchange rate” project.
The Chinese Ministry of Commerce pointed out that this is the first time that the United States has initiated investigations into the so-called “undervalued RMB exchange rate” project in anti-subsidy cases, and China firmly opposes this.
The Ministry of Commerce of the People's Republic of China issued a press release on this evening on the 23rd, stating that China implements a managed floating exchange rate system based on market supply and demand, with reference to a basket of currencies, and the market plays a decisive role in the formation of exchange rates.
The press release emphasized that, generally speaking, the RMB exchange rate is at a reasonable equilibrium level and has not been underestimated.
Since 2005, the RMB has appreciated against the US dollar by more than 17%.
According to data released by the Bank for International Settlements, from the beginning of 2005 to May 2020, the renminbi's nominal effective exchange rate appreciated by 38%, and the real effective exchange rate appreciated by 49%. It is the strongest currency in the G20 economy and one of the largest appreciations in the world.
The Ministry of Commerce pointed out that exchange rate issues exceed the authority of members to conduct countervailing investigations in accordance with WTO rules.
The United States revised its regulations in February this year to conduct an anti-subsidy investigation on the exchange rates of other countries. It has been suspected of violating WTO rules and has been opposed in many ways.
The press release stated that even in accordance with US regulations, the content of the applicant’s complaint contains a large number of errors and does not have the necessary elements of anti-subsidies such as financial assistance, grant of benefits and specificity.
China urges the United States to abide by existing international rules and stop countervailing investigations of the so-called "undervalued RMB exchange rate."
Affected by the further increase of tensions in Sino-US relations, the offshore and onshore RMB exchange rate against the US dollar depreciated sharply on the 22nd, and both fell below the 7.0 yuan mark of 1 dollar to RMB.
Whether the move by the US Department of Commerce intends to force the RMB to rise is worth watching.
The spot exchange rate of RMB against the US dollar rose above the 7.0 mark on the 23rd and closed at 6.9961.
The central parity rate of the RMB against the US dollar, which is subject to official regulation, was lowered by 17 basis points on the 24th to 6.9938.
As the epidemic gradually improved, the film and television industry, which had been silent for nearly half a year, also returned to normal.
A few days ago, the organizing committee of the 26th Shanghai TV Festival announced the finalists of this Magnolia Award.
In terms of the best actor and actress, the strong middle-aged actors have an absolute advantage. Lei Jiayin, Chen Baoguo, Zhang Ruoyun, Sun Honglei and Huang Lei will compete for the best actor, Hai Qing, Ma Yili, Qin Hailu, Sun Li and Yan Ni will compete for the best actress.
The results will be officially announced on August 7.
From the current point of view, starting from the topic of college entrance examination, describing the "Chinese family" realistic educational TV drama "Little Joy", won the "Best Chinese TV Series", "Best Director", "Best Screenwriter", "Best Actress", "Best Actor/Actress" nominations.
The "Best Male and Female Protagonist" award has always been one of the focuses of the outside world. This year's competition is also extremely fierce. The finalists and actresses are all strong actors. Chen Baoguo, Huang Lei, Lei Jiayin, Sun Honglei, and Zhang Ruoyun will compete for the "Best Actor".
Chen Baoguo, Huang Lei and Sun Honglei are all highly experienced Mesozoic actors. 37-year-old Lei Jiayin is also a powerful actor. As for 32-year-old Zhang Ruoyun, he is the youngest finalist.
In 2016, 34-year-old Hu Ge won the White Magnolia Award for Best Actor with "Langya List" and became the youngest visual emperor in the award. This year Zhang Ruoyun's victory over several other predecessors will refresh this record.
The competition for the best actress was finally finalized among the actresses in the film and television industry such as Haiqing, Ma Yili, Qin Hailu, Sun Li, and Yan Ni.
It is worth mentioning that Sun Li was shortlisted with the corner of "Family of Anjia", this is her sixth nomination for this award. In 2014 and 2016, she won the "Best Actress" twice with "The True Story of Hot Mom" and "The Legend of Zhiyue".
On the morning of the 26th, the Fujian Provincial Health and Health Commission informed the latest new pneumonia epidemic situation that from 0 to 24:00 on July 25, Fujian Province reported the addition of 1 case of asymptomatic infection imported from outside the province, 1 new confirmed case imported from abroad, and 4 cases of imported asymptomatic infection from abroad.
Among them, the newly imported asymptomatic infections outside the province are imported from Dalian City, Liaoning Province (Fuzhou City Report), and the newly imported confirmed cases are imported from the Philippines (Xiamen City Report); the newly imported overseas cases of asymptomatic infections are 4 cases, including: 1 case from the United States (Fuzhou City Report) and 3 cases from the Philippines (Xiamen City Report).
As of 24:00 on July 25, Fujian Province has accumulatively reported 69 confirmed cases imported overseas, 66 cases have been cured and discharged, and 3 are currently hospitalized with no deaths; there are currently reported 0 cases of imported overseas suspected cases; 13 cases of currently imported overseas asymptomatic infections are still undergoing centralized quarantine medical observation; 296 cases of local confirmed cases have been reported (295 cases have been cured and discharged; there are no local cases of infection; there are 1 reported cases of local infections; 0 existing cases of local infections; 0 existing cases of local infections; 0 existing cases of local infections; 0 existing cases of local infections; 0 existing cases of local infections; 0 existing cases of local infections; 0 existing cases of local infections; 0 existing cases of local infections; 1 existing case of infection)
At present, close contacts have released 14,962 medical observations, and 324 people are still undergoing medical observations.
Brazil has nearly 2.4 million confirmed cases, Rio City announces cancellation of New Year's Eve celebrations
The data shows that as of now, the cumulative number of confirmed and dead cases in Brazil ranks second in the world, second only to the United States.
In the state of São Paulo, where the epidemic is most severe, the cumulative number of confirmed cases is close to 480,000, and the number of deaths exceeds 20,000.
More than 160,000 and 150,000 cases were diagnosed in the states of Ceara and Rio de Janeiro, respectively, and more than 140,000 cases were diagnosed in the states of Para and Bahia.
The state of Maranhao and Minas Ginas also have more than 110,000 diagnoses.
Rio Mayor Marcelo Criveira announced on the 25th that in view of the continuous spread of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic in Brazil and the availability of effective vaccines, the city has decided to cancel the celebration of the New Year in 2021.
In the past, the city held celebrations at the famous Copacabana Beach at the zero point of the New Year. The New Year’s Eve event on the last day of 2019 attracted 2.9 million people.
At the same time, the city also decided to postpone the Carnival of 2021 from February to September next year.
São Paulo Mayor Bruno Covas announced on the 24th that the city’s New Year’s Eve celebration on Paulista Avenue will be cancelled on December 31 this year, and that the 2021 Carnival will be postponed until the end of May or early July next year.
Venezuelan Foreign Minister accuses the United States of fabricating lies for unprovoked attacks on China-Xinhua
Areyasa said that the US government has recently exerted constant pressure on China in terms of politics, diplomacy, economy, and public opinion. This is an unfounded attack on a sovereign country.
Areiasa retweeted the tweet posted on his personal account by Chinese Ambassador to Venezuela Li Baorong earlier that day and made the above comments.
Li Baorong said in a tweet that China strongly condemns the US forcibly entering the Chinese Consulate General in Houston, which is a serious violation of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations and the China-US Consular Treaty. China will make a just and necessary response to this.
Venezuelan Vice President Rodriguez, Vice Minister of Foreign Affairs in charge of North American Affairs Carlos Long and other government officials, social celebrities and mainstream media reporters have also forwarded Li Baorong's tweets, condemning the United States for serious violations of international law.
The 26th is the day before the fifth State of the Union Address (SONA) issued by Philippine President Duterte. In the same day, the Philippines has accumulatively diagnosed 80,000 new cases of pneumonia. Among them, the number of confirmed diagnoses by the staff of the Presidential Department of Public Information (PCOO) and its direct agencies increased to 25.
To this end, PCOO has specially prepared a working group that has not been in contact with the confirmed staff to cooperate with President Duterte's press release of SONA.
PCOO Minister Martin Andanar said in an interview with DZBB Radio on the 26th that two sets of plans have been prepared for President Duterte's SONA approach.
According to plan A, Duterte will announce SONA in the Philippine Congress (Batasang Pambansa) building in Quezon City on the afternoon of the 27th.
Due to the epidemic situation, only 50 seats were arranged for some government cabinet members and legislators, and a video conference room was set up for other cabinet members and local government officials to watch.
All participants can pass the quick test on the same day to enter the Congress building.
Once one of the participants tested positive, Plan B was initiated, that is, President Duterte issued SONA at the Maracañang Palace of the Presidential Palace, and fewer hearing seats were arranged on site.
By convention, SONA will broadcast live to the Philippines in real time.
As of press time, the Philippine Presidential Palace has not confirmed whether Duterte's family will attend SONA.
Andanal said that President Duterte's SONA will focus on how the government will lead the Philippines to respond to the new coronary pneumonia epidemic and restore social and economic life; it will also mention his commitment when he took office, namely, anti-government corruption, combating illegal drugs and poverty reduction.
Duterte will also explain other plans of the current government, including creating more job opportunities, revitalizing the economy, promoting education, and helping overseas Filipino workers who suffered in the epidemic.
Yinchuan: Classify policy to support kindergarten stable teachers-Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Yinchuan, July 26 (Reporter Ai Fumei) Affected by the epidemic, the kindergarten in Yinchuan City, Ningxia has not yet been reinstated, especially the pressure on private kindergartens to increase funds, which will have a certain impact on the stability of the kindergarten teachers and the future sustainable development.
In response to this, Yinchuan City has adopted a number of measures such as pre-allocated subsidies for inclusive private kindergartens, post-stabilization subsidies for non-inclusive private kindergartens, and reductions in rents for private kindergartens to support these stable kindergarten teachers.
According to the relevant policies of Yinchuan City, for the sponsors of inclusive private kindergartens (including kindergartens that have been converted into inclusive kindergartens after treatment in urban communities) during the epidemic period, referring to the minimum wage standards in the three districts, the monthly payment of basic living expenses of not less than 1660 yuan per month for the teaching staff, the city finance will pre-allocate 6 months of subsidy funds for the teachers’ wages and social insurance costs per student’s per capita basic living expenses.
For non-inclusive private kindergartens that also provide basic living expenses of not less than 1,660 yuan per month to the teaching staff, Yinchuan will arrange 6 months of subsidy funds as the subsidy funds for preschool teachers according to the standard of 500 yuan per student per year.
At the same time, for private kindergartens renting state-owned asset-type operating premises, Yinchuan City will reduce the rent for 3 months during the prevention and control period, and encourage developers and other types of leasing entities to assume social responsibilities, reduce or exempt the rent for kindergartens, and reduce the tax for more than 3 months.
Yangtze River flood No. 3 in 2020 forms detailed response measures of the Ministry of Water Resources
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26th (Reporter Hu Lu) On the 26th, the No. 3 flood in the Yangtze River in 2020 formed.
On the 26th, Minister of Water Resources, E Jingping, requested that the Three Gorges Reservoir be carefully scheduled, coordinated consideration of the incoming water from the upper reaches of the Yangtze River and Dongting Lake, implement peak-shift scheduling, keep sufficient storage capacity to prepare for major floods that may occur, and ensure the safety of flood protection for the main stream in the middle and lower reaches and Dongting Lake.
According to forecasts, heavy rains will occur in parts of eastern southwestern China, southern Jianghuai, western western Jiangnan, southern eastern Hubei, and central Guangxi in the next 3 days. Among them, there will be heavy rains in northern Hunan, southwestern Jiangsu, and other places; moderate to heavy rains in western central China, and other places, in central Hebei.
The Ministry of Water Resources predicts that due to its impact, the inflow of the Three Gorges Reservoir on the upper Yangtze River may reach about 60,000 cubic meters per second on the 28th. The water level of the Liantangtang section of the middle stream and Dongting Lake will rise and exceed 0.20 meters. The water level of the middle stream of the Huaihe River will gradually decline, and the water level of Hongze Lake will continue to rise slowly.
E Jingping pointed out that the Huaihe River Basin should further increase flood discharge, lower the water level of Hongze Lake as soon as possible, and prepare to face the possibility of major floods.
It is necessary to do a good job in responding to the storm and flood in the Yishusi water system.
He said that the Taihu Lake Basin should continue its efforts to increase the efflux of flood waters, reduce the water level of Taihu Lake and the surrounding river network as soon as possible, and reduce the risk of high water levels in Taihu Lake and typhoons.
In addition, he emphasized that floods in northern areas such as Inner Mongolia and Hebei are steep, and the warning time is short. It is easy to cause landslides and debris flows and it is difficult to defend. There are many small and medium-sized reservoirs and silt dams, and there are hidden safety hazards.
58 APPs that infringe user rights and interests have been exposed, involving more than ten listed companies
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology pointed out that in accordance with the "Network Security Law", "Telecommunication Regulations", "Telecommunications and Internet Users' Personal Information Protection Regulations" and other laws and regulations, recently organized third-party testing agencies to inspect mobile phone application software, and urged enterprises with problems to make corrections.
The problems of these 58 APPs include private collection of personal information, excessive collection of personal information, frequent application of permission, excessive request for permission, difficulty in account cancellation, private sharing to third parties, and permission not to be used.
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology requires that 58 APPs should complete the rectification and implementation work before July 30. If the rectification is not completed within the time limit, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology will organize the relevant disposal work in accordance with the law and regulations.
The reporters of China-Singapore Jingwei found that behind the notified 58 APPs, there were more than ten listed companies in the US, Hong Kong and A shares.
For example, "Fang Duoduo" is a product of US stock listed company Fang Duoduo. It has five major problems: collecting personal information privately, collecting personal information beyond the scope, sharing privately to third parties, forcing users to use the directional push function, and frequently applying for permissions.
According to public information, Fang Duo landed on Nasdaq in November 2019 and is "the first real estate intermediary company in the industrial Internet SaaS (software service) mode" in China, providing online solutions for many intermediary merchants.
In response to the difficulty of canceling the account of the "Qunar" app pointed out in the notice, according to the Beijing News, Qunar responded that in order to prevent illicit products from using frequent registration and cancellation for profit, Qunar registered and canceled on the basis of voluntary cancellation. The interval of one month is required.
Comprehensive consideration is now given to the convenience of cancellation and account security. It has been changed to immediate effect after cancellation and is currently awaiting review.
A network security expert, who declined to be named, told the Sino-Singapore Jingwei client that the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology has issued three APP notifications for violations of user rights and interests like this.
Among them, the three problems of collecting personal information privately, excessively requesting authority, and difficulty in account cancellation are repeated more than once.
It can also be found from the notification that the current invasion of privacy by APP has attracted more and more attention.
On July 24th, the day the 58 APPs infringing user rights and interests were notified, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology announced that it had issued a notice a few days ago to deploy a special rectification action to further promote APP infringement on user rights and interests.
The special rectification will strengthen supervision and inspection in accordance with the regulations, urge relevant companies to strengthen the protection of APP personal information, promptly rectify and eliminate outstanding issues such as illegal collection, use of user personal information and harassment of users, deception and misleading users, and inadequate implementation of management responsibility for application distribution platforms, and purify APP application space.
Lewis family: John Lewis is a warrior who "fights for the most vulnerable"
US Congressman, civil rights fighter John Lewis (John Lewis) was recalled as a "fighting for the weakest" fighter at a memorial service for him on Saturday (July 25).
Lewis’ public memorial service has been held in Alabama since Saturday.
There were two memorial services on the first day.
At a public memorial service at Troy University in Alabama on Saturday, five Lewis siblings and a grandchildren spoke of him as a caring, fearless, family-oriented man.
Henry "Grant" Lewis, Lewis' youngest brother, said at the meeting: "He devoted his life to helping others."
Samuel Lewis said his mother had warned John "Don't cause trouble, don't cause trouble."
He added that John didn't heed his mother's warning. He said: "We all know that John always gets into trouble and is always in trouble, but that's because sticking to the right thing is a good trouble."
Lewis’ brothers and sisters reminded the people at the memorial service that John’s most famous argument was to create “good troubles”, that is, as long as it is for justice, it does not avoid provoking incidents.
John had applied for Troy University in Troy, Alabama, but Troy University, which was all white schools at the time, rejected his application for admission.
John Lewis, who preached the gospel to the chickens on his farm as a child, eventually obtained a degree in religion and philosophy from Fisk University.
Years later, Troy University awarded Lewis an honorary doctorate.
Senator Doug Jones from Alabama said the current protesters were "protesting peacefully and nonviolently," as Lewis did in the civil rights movement.
Jones said: "Even if President Trump knocked over a boat with a rod and described all the protesters as thugs, he was wrong.
The protesters are patriots, and they hope that the United States will move towards a more equal country."
A series of six-day events to commemorate Lewis will culminate this week at the funeral in Georgia.
Lewis’ coffin was parked at a public memorial service at Troy University on Saturday, and people came to pay tribute to the pioneer of the civil rights movement.
Later on Saturday, a private ceremony paid tribute to him in a small church in Selma, Alabama, followed by a public memorial service.
On Sunday, Lewis’s body will pass through Selma’s Edmund Pettus Bridge.
In 1965, he and the demonstrators who demanded black voting rights were beaten by the Alabama police in front of the bridge. The police also laid tear gas on the demonstrators.
Lewis was almost killed.
This day will be called "Bloody Sunday" in the future.
Lewis’s body will be transported to Montgomery, the capital of Alabama.
Mayor Steven Reed encouraged people to line up on the sidewalk to complete this final journey with Lewis.
At the same time, officials asked the public to wear masks and maintain social distance when participating in activities.
Alabama Governor Kay Ivey ordered the flag to be lowered at half a hour on Saturday and Sunday to commemorate Lewis.
During the nearly one-week commemorative event, Lewis’s body will be placed in the Alabama State Capitol in Montgomery, the Georgia State Capitol in Atlanta, and the U.S. Capitol in Washington for temporary mourning.
US House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced last week that people can come to the US Capitol this Monday and Tuesday to pay their respects to Lewis.
Due to the coronavirus epidemic, public events in memory of Lewis will be held outdoors.
Shenzhen publicly seeks opinions on promulgating health regulations-Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Shenzhen, July 26 (Reporters Mao Siqian and Bai Yu) Encourage residents to perform physical examinations and find problems early; prohibit the sale of alcoholic beverages to minors; establish an online game health review system; employers must be equipped with full-time and part-time health management personnel... The "Shenzhen Special Economic Zone Health Regulations (Consultation Draft)" was officially released a few days ago, and Shenzhen residents will have their own "Health Law".
In order to encourage residents to do medical check-ups and find problems early, the above-mentioned consultation draft proposes that the health department should formulate a basic list of health check-up items based on factors such as different ages and occupations.
The cost of health checkups that fall within the scope of the basic list of health checkup items shall be paid by the Social Medical Insurance Co-ordination Fund at the rate of once per person per year.
The draft for solicitation of opinions clearly stated that the employing unit should reasonably allocate human resources, arrange staff rest time, implement a rotation system for employees with heavy mental and physical workload, to avoid excessive loss of human function or physical and mental health damage to employees’ health, and strictly implement the paid leave system for employees.
In addition, employers should be equipped with full-time and part-time health management personnel, and organize regular health examinations for employees.
With regard to the physical and mental health of minors, the consultation draft proposes that the sale of alcoholic beverages to minors is prohibited, and the sales locations of alcoholic beverages are restricted. Any violation of the regulations will be ordered to be corrected by the market supervision and management department and imposed a fine of 30,000 yuan.
In addition to "prohibition", minors also have to "exercise more".
According to the request for comments, the school should arrange for students to spend more than one hour in sports activities every day.
For online games, public security, cultural, radio, television, tourism, sports, online supervision, and health and other departments should improve the health supervision system of Internet access service business sites, establish an online game health review system, and create a good communication space and communication culture for the healthy growth of young people.
In addition, the consultation draft also proposed that influenza patients must wear masks when entering and leaving public places, and medical and health institutions should disclose patient privacy fines of 20,000 yuan without consent.
It is worth noting that in addition to the physical and mental health of the residents, the consultation draft also requires that all departments in Shenzhen should evaluate the impact of public policy implementation on the health of the population before formulating plans, regulatory documents related to urban spatial planning and construction, industrial park planning and construction, resource development and utilization, ecological environmental protection, biomedical industry development, and approval of major construction projects and major public service projects.
Without assessment or after assessment, it will have a more serious adverse impact on urban public health or residents' health, shall not be formulated or approved for implementation.
2020-07-26 19:44:50 Source: People's Network Author: Zhu Yanjing Responsible Editor: Zhu Yanjing
Recently, General Secretary Xi Jinping emphasized in his inspection in Jilin Province that the leadership of the party should be strengthened, the party organization should be extended to the grassroots level, and the working system of the party organization at the grassroots level should be improved to provide a strong guarantee for urban and rural community governance.
Adhering to party building as the guide and implementing the party's leadership in grassroots governance in all fields and in all aspects is a fundamental requirement for the direction of grassroots governance.
To improve the level of governance at the grassroots level, we must adhere to the guidance of party building. Through strengthening political guidance, building a battle fortress, and condensing red power, we should promote the party’s political advantages, organizational advantages, and mass work advantages into governance advantages, and pass the party’s strengths and propositions to the “nerve end” and “last mile.”
Pay attention to calcium supplementation and strengthen the political leadership.
To strengthen the political guidance of grassroots governance, it is necessary to implement the "Calcium Supplementation and Soul Casting" project.
It is necessary to take deep learning and thorough understanding of Xi Jinping’s socialism with Chinese characteristics in the new era as the primary task, take “not forgetting the original intention and remembering the mission” as the eternal subject of party building and the life-long subject of party members and cadres, strengthen the principle of reading the original text and learn from the original text, through thematic training, batch training, discussion and exchanges, and hold a large lecture.
Through a combination of online and offline learning methods, broaden the channels of learning and education, and guide grassroots party organizations and party member cadres to truly integrate learning and education into their daily routines.
Pay attention to practice and exercise, in the process of resolving the key and difficult problems in the field of grassroots governance, solve the annoying and troublesome things that the masses pay attention to, and temper the party spirit and ability.
Focus on improving the standards and build a battle fortress.
Grass-roots party organizations are not only an important part of the grass-roots governance system, but also an important carrier of governance capabilities.
To promote the standardization of grass-roots party organizations, we must start with grasping the regulations on the work of party branches, focus on the weakening and falsification of the leadership of party organizations, and strengthen the foundation, make up for shortcomings, and promote development through the establishment of a linkage mechanism between top and bottom, the innovation of the establishment of branch branches, the normalization of the rectification of weakness, the establishment of a sound decision-making and discussion mechanism, and the service of the masses.
In rural areas, strengthen the standardization of village-level party organizations, standardize the standardization of party branches, standardize organizational forms, learning activities, and management mechanisms, and effectively promote the implementation of the "three sessions and one lesson" and themed party day activities.
In cities, pay attention to street communities, explore innovative branch setting forms, focus on weak areas, "blocking points" and "pain points", and actively build urban party building alliances to effectively cover the party's work.
At the same time, establish and improve the system of governance at the grass-roots level, improve the decision-making and discussion mechanism of coordinating major issues, co-organizing practical matters, coordinating important matters, discussing urgent issues, resolving difficult issues, and leading the grass-roots party organizations, improving the mechanism for contacting and serving the masses of party members and cadres.
Play a pioneering role and condense red power.
Grassroots party member cadres are the cornerstone of grassroots governance.
Enhancing grassroots governance capabilities focuses on improving the grassroots party cadres’ governance capabilities, focusing on the role of “red cells” as a model leader in grassroots governance, and condensing red power at the forefront of connecting and serving the masses.
It is necessary to take the improvement of governance capabilities as a compulsory course for grassroots party members and cadres, continuously strengthen ideological refinement, professional training, and practical training, carry forward the spirit of responsibility in their positions, urgent, difficult, and dangerous tasks, and lay a solid foundation for the modernization of the national governance system and governance capabilities.
The “Community Whistle and Party Member Registration” activities should be extensively carried out. Participate in community construction, management, and service by participating in themed Party Day activities, contacting people in difficulty, identifying service items, claiming micro-wishes, and making reasonable suggestions, so that party members can play a role in community governance.
It is necessary to give full play to the role of unemployed party members in rural areas. Through the establishment of pioneer positions for unemployed party members and the formation of a team of unemployed party members, the grassroots party members should be guided to actively participate in poverty alleviation, ecological construction, letter and visit stabilization, straw burning ban, etc., to better integrate the red forces and serve the people.
The foundation is solid and the building is strong.
Grassroots party organizations are the foundation of the ruling building.
Only by insisting on close relations between the party and the masses and increasing the well-being of the people as the starting point, and taking party building leadership as the fundamental way to promote the innovation and development of grassroots governance, can we build a solid foundation so that grassroots party organizations can be pulled out and topped up, and grassroots party members and cadres can catch up, rush, and promote grassroots governance with a "soul", orderly, powerful, and effective.
Author: Lin Ao
Kekexili Tibetan antelope enters relocation season-Xinhua
Xinhua, Xining, July 25 (Reporter Wang Jinjin) The reporter learned from the Wudaoliang Protection Station of the Kekexili Management Office of the Yangtze River Source Park of the Sanjiangyuan National Park Administration that monitoring showed that the Tibetan antelopes who had previously moved to the Zonai Lake area in the hinterland of Kekexili were ending their litters and returning to their original habitats.
Surveillance footage near the Wudaoliang Protection Station shows that on July 25, about 40 female Tibetan antelopes led three antelope cubs through the Qinghai-Tibet Highway at 3002 kilometers and the Wudaoliang North Bridge on the Qinghai-Tibet Railway. The Tibetan antelope has begun to move back.
Experts analyzed that in recent years, the number of Tibetan antelope cubs in the repatriating flocks accounted for one quarter to one fifth of the total number of Tibetan antelopes.
Lian Xinming, an associate researcher at the Northwest Plateau Institute of Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, said: "In the early period of relocation, Tibetan antelope faced a higher risk of predation, so the number of cubs in the flock will be relatively small, and there may even be no cubs."
According to the statistics of the Kekexili Management Office of the Yangtze River Source Park of the Sanjiangyuan National Park Administration, the number of Tibetan antelope repatriations is increasing year by year. In 2019, the number of Tibetan antelope repatriations was 4,860, an increase of 338 from 2018.
Lian Xinming said: "It is expected that the relocation of Tibetan antelopes will end in early September this year, and the number of relocated Tibetan antelopes is expected to continue to increase."
Tibetan antelope is a national first-level protected animal.
At the end of May every year, Tibetan antelopes from the Three River Sources in Qinghai, Qiangtang in Tibet, and Altun Mountains in Xinjiang all go to Zhuonai Lake in the hinterland of Kekexili to produce lambs.
Wu Xiaomin, an expert on Tibetan antelope protection in China and a researcher from the Shaanxi Institute of Zoology (Northwest Endangered Animals Research Institute) said: "Tibetan antelope repatriation is a process in which female Tibetan antelopes return to their habitats with their cubs after they give birth. Initially, the repatriation group leaving the littering place is relatively large, but then Tibetan antelopes will return to their respective habitats according to different geographic populations and along different paths."
In order to ensure the safe relocation of Tibetan antelope herds, the reporter learned that a few days ago, the Sankeyuan National Park Administration Yangtze River Source Park Cocoa Xili Management Office has arranged staff in the main relocation area to continue to carry out video surveillance and patrol in the jurisdiction.
If it is found that a herd of Tibetan antelopes is trying to cross the road, the mountain patrol team will perform temporary traffic control at the first time to allow the flock to safely pass through the wild animal passage and ensure that it is as little as possible from human interference on the way back.
So, how to relieve the heat in daily life?
Experts suggest that when you go out in summer, try to avoid the high temperature period. It is best not to walk or work in the hot sun around noon, because the sun is the strongest in this period, and the possibility of heat stroke is higher.
If you have to go out during this period, you must do a good job of protection, such as wearing a parasol, wearing a sun hat, and wearing sunglasses. It is best to apply sunscreen if possible to prevent sun damage.
Try to use light-colored, breathable cotton, linen, and silk as much as possible, and wear less chemical fiber clothing to avoid heat dissipation and sweating.
In hot and sultry weather, prepare plenty of water and drink it in time. Don't wait for thirst before drinking. Because once the body feels thirsty, it means that the body is already dehydrated. Each time the water is controlled at 150ml to 200ml. Drink warm water and don't drink ice water.
According to the temperature, the average person drinks 1.5 liters to 2 liters of water per day, and the high temperature workers drink 3 liters to 5 liters of water every day.
When you sweat more, you can add some salt water to make up for the salt lost by the body due to sweating.
In addition, the human body is prone to lack of potassium in summer, which makes people feel tired and tired. Potassium-containing tea is an excellent summer drink.
In summer, eat more fruits and vegetables with high water content, such as lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, etc.; fresh fruits, such as peaches, apricots, watermelons, melons, etc., with a moisture content of 80% to 90%, can be used to replenish moisture; dairy products can not only replenish water, but also meet the nutritional needs of the body.
In addition, people working in high-temperature environments should properly supplement drinks containing potassium, magnesium and other elements.
In summer, the days are long and the nights are short, the temperature is high, the body's metabolism is strong, the consumption is large, and it is easy to feel tired.
Adequate sleep can relax the brain and body systems, which is not only conducive to work and study, but also a measure to prevent heat stroke.
Experts say that the best time to go to bed is from 22:00 to 23:00, and the best time to get up is from 5:30 to 6:30.
When sleeping, be careful not to lie under the air outlet of the air conditioner and the electric fan, so as not to cause air conditioning disease and fever.
Experts suggest that people who are outdoors or performing high-temperature operations can carry ten heat-reducing medicines such as ten drops of water, dandan, Huoxiangzhengqi water or Huoxiangzhengqi pills, or place them in the nearest workplace and use them at any time to prevent heat stroke.
Graduate Art Exhibition Moved into the Public Welfare Exhibition of the Mall-Xinhuanet
In the "Cloud Graduation" season of various universities, a rare offline graduate art exhibition warmly opened last weekend.
However, it is neither in the art gallery nor on the campus, but appears in the public space of Chaoyang Joy City and is open to the public free of charge until August 23.
The reporter learned that this 2020 graduate art exhibition has collected 50 pieces/groups of works from 57 young artists from the Central Academy of Fine Arts, Communication University of China and Tianjin Academy of Fine Arts. The exhibition space extends from the second floor to the sixth floor, and fully utilizes the light boxes in the building for the display of flat works to maximize the artistic atmosphere of the graduation season.
Under the epidemic, the significance of this exhibition is particularly special.
Ge Pingping, person in charge of Chaoyang Joy City Beauty Chen, said: "We have chosen to bring the graduation exhibition to the "cloud" back to the offline space again. We also hope that more people will see the youth's exploration of themselves and their understanding of the world, and amplify the healing power of art for society and soul."
She revealed that the works in this exhibition were collected from graduates of several major art colleges, and they were selected for commercial space display. The forms of the works range from traditional easel paintings and sculptures to new media installations, interactive animations, and VR panoramas. The volume and richness are the highest in the years.
Among them, Li Yunxiao expressed his feelings in this epidemic through the creative language of mechanical and manual in the first battle of 2020. Liu Jiaying's work "Sound Money" through the Ethereum blockchain explores the theme of "cryptocurrency", "credit creation", "transaction". Zhang Jiaqi's "cats don't remind you of the day". The artist's works are related to people. The animals that are seen in the world are always accompanied by humans.
Among the few graduates who personally set up exhibitions is Li Jingyin from the Sculpture Department of Tianjin Academy of Fine Arts.
"I came to Beijing on July 7. At that time, I was actually a bit worried about the epidemic situation. I also did a nucleic acid test three days in advance. I brought it with alcohol cotton and a test report."
The structure of his work "Yesterday Like a Mystery" is relatively complicated, and must be done by oneself.
At the same time, he also undertakes the task of helping his students repair damaged works.
"The exhibition will be held until 4:30 in the morning, and then it will be repaired. The time is very tight. I forgot to take a picture with the work, which is a bit regretful."
He hoped that when the epidemic became more stable, he would come to Beijing with his classmates to see his exhibition.
(Reporter Li Li)
That morning, Bosonaro, 65, posted a photo on Twitter. He was wearing sneakers and no masks, sitting at a breakfast table with a smile on his face, a thumbs up in one hand, and a box of hydroxychloroquine medicine in the other.
He wrote in a tweet: "Good morning everyone! New Coronavirus test result: negative."
However, Bosonaro did not indicate when the detection of the new crown virus turned negative.
On July 5, Bossonaro developed symptoms of new coronary pneumonia. On the 6th, he was tested positive for the virus. On the 7th, he announced on television that he was diagnosed with new coronary pneumonia.
On the 14th and 21st, Bosonaro conducted two new coronavirus tests, and the results were still positive.
During the quarantine period, Bosonaro repeatedly broadcasted the hydroxychloroquine drugs he took on social media, and said that hydroxychloroquine had a good effect on new coronary pneumonia, and he felt good after taking it. His good health was attributed to hydroxychloroquine. He advocated that Brazilian medical institutions use hydroxychloroquine drugs to treat new coronary pneumonia.
According to Brazilian media reports, as of now, Brazil has 5 cabinet ministers and 10 governors diagnosed with new coronary pneumonia.
A small plane crashes in the Swiss Alps, killing all four people on board
China News Service, July 26. According to the European Union quoted the European Union News Agency, on July 25 local time, the Swiss police informed the media that a small plane crashed in the Swiss Alps on the 25th.
The two Swiss and two Austrians on board were killed in the accident.
According to reports, police in the southern Swiss state of Wallis (Wallis) stated that a small plane crashed at an altitude of more than 3,000 meters near the mountain peaks of the Alps in Valais. Rescue workers rushed to the crash site and confirmed that all four people carried on the plane were killed.
The Valais police said that the witness called the police at 12:25 on the 25th to report the incident, saying that he had witnessed a small plane fall from the sky.
A few minutes later, witnesses informed the police again that billowing smoke was coming from the crash site.
After receiving the alarm, the police quickly coordinated the fire police officers, medical personnel and rescuers and drove to the scene of the accident with a helicopter.
When rescuers arrived at the crash site, they found that all four people on board had been killed.
The police verified that the victims in the accident included two Swiss people aged 50 and 66, and two Austrians aged 46 and 50.
The police said that at present, the police is cooperating with the Swiss Transportation Safety Investigation Committee to jointly investigate the cause of the crash.
Heavy rain in 33 districts and counties in Chongqing issues yellow and orange warnings for floods
China News Service, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporter Liu Xianglin) The reporter learned from the Chongqing Municipal Water Conservancy Bureau on the 26th that in the past 24 hours, there have been heavy rains in 33 districts and counties in Chongqing, including 16 districts and counties.
Heavy rain caused floods in Chongqing's 71 secondary and medium-sized rivers. The local government has issued two flood warnings.
According to the monitoring of the Chongqing Municipal Hydrological Monitoring Station, from 8:00 on the 25th to 8:00 on the 26th, heavy rains occurred in most parts of Chongqing, and local heavy rains occurred.
Heavy rains occurred in 33 districts and counties including Tongnan, Tongliang, and Hechuan, including 16 districts and counties in Zhongxian, Kaizhou, and Wuxi. The largest daily rainfall occurred in Longshan Village, Jinshan Town, Nanchuan, at 197.5 mm.
There are 71 to 7 meters of small and medium-sized rivers such as Tongnan Fujiang River, Qiongjiang River and Kaizhou Nanhe River. The highest water level has not exceeded the warning water level.
It is estimated that from 8:00 on the 26th to 8:00 on the 27th, the small and medium-sized rivers in most areas of Chongqing may have different degrees of flooding, and some small and medium-sized rivers may have floods that exceed the alarm level.
The local area will also pay attention to the possible cross-border flooding in the Yangtze River and Jialing River.
CBA ushered in the first batch of spectators after the rematch, want to watch the playoffs should pay attention to these
2020-07-26 20:26:01 Source: China News Network Author: Yue Chuan Editor in charge: Yue Chuan
Chinanews client July 26th According to the official news of the CBA league, the CBA Qingdao division finally welcomed the first batch of fans who entered the game after the rematch.
Fans on the spot included Qingdao Mobile staff and doctors, teachers, public security personnel and other people who made outstanding contributions to the society during the epidemic. On July 31, the CBA playoffs officially started this season, and ticket sales for fans will also be officially resumed.
Affected by the epidemic, the CBA league started the rematch on June 20 after nearly 5 months of interruption.
Although there were not many spectators entering the game on the afternoon of the 26th, the sense of camp on the scene was already obvious: some people were applauding, while others were silent.
The players on the field are tit-for-tat, and the fans on the court are also fighting in court.
During the playoffs, if fans want to watch the game live, the following should pay attention.
The venue for opening fans to buy tickets and watch the game is the Qingdao Guoxin Sports Center Diamond Stadium (Laoshan Competition Area). The ticket sales system fully implements the online real-name system for buying tickets and offline real-name system for admission. All fans must be 12 years old and have a nucleic acid test certification within 48 hours.
Reward 50,000 yuan, Hubei Enshi commends the "first warning person" of the sand dam landslide
Hubei Daily News (Reporter Lin Jing) On July 26, Enshi City reported that Chen Guangming, a geological disaster site monitor who had made an important contribution to the early warning of the sand dam landslide, gave him a 50,000 yuan bonus.
At the same time, the city's party cadres were called on to learn his spirit of fulfilling his duties, daring to act, take the initiative, and be willing to give.
On July 21, a landslide occurred in the sand dam of Mazhe Village, Tunpu Township, Enshi City, which resulted in the formation of a dammed lake on the main channel of the Qingjiang River. Chen Guangming, 58, was the first person to warn of the landslide.
On the afternoon of July 17, Chen Guangming learned of the cracks in the walls of the villagers' home and immediately went to the scene to check.
He had just walked five or six hundred meters from his home, and he saw the village group road split by four or five centimeters, extending along the road to the corn field, about 50 meters in length.
Chen Guangming was alert and sent the photos of the cracked road to the "Geological Disaster Monitor Group" in the township as soon as possible.
After checking and judging on site by the relevant person in charge of the Natural Planning Institute of Tunpu Township, the possibility of a landslide is very high, and a decision was made to evacuate the masses.
Chen Guangming's timely warning has won 36 hours of valuable time for the safe evacuation of 1,339 people in 315 households in the affected area.
There were no casualties in this major geological disaster.
Chen Guangming's earnest and responsible professionalism was praised by the masses.
Faced with praise, he said: "There is no one who saved, this is my responsibility."
University of Australia develops new drug is expected to be used to treat vascular blockage caused by new crown-Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Sydney, July 26 (Reporter Chen Yu) Researchers at Monash University in Australia are developing a new drug that can help prevent heart disease and stroke, and hope that this drug can be used to treat vascular blockages caused by the new coronavirus.
Researchers have found that an enzyme in platelets accelerates platelet clotting before a heart attack or stroke.
As a result, they developed a drug that temporarily inhibits platelet coagulation, thereby avoiding clogged blood vessels and preventing heart disease and stroke.
Researchers say the drug only inhibits the clotting effect of platelets when there are signs of heart disease or stroke.
Since studies have shown that similar blood vessel blockage is one of the main causes of death in critically ill patients with new crowns, the researchers hope that this drug can be used in the treatment of such critical patients in the future.
At present, the drug has achieved good results in animal model experiments, and researchers are preparing for the next phase of human clinical trials.
The research results have been published in the journal Science of Translational Medicine.
He became the first spectator in the CBA League semi-finals to allow the audience to watch the game live.
On the same day, in the second stage (Laoshan Division) of the 2019-2020 season of the Chinese Men's Basketball Professional League (CBA) in Qingdao, Shandong, medical staff, teachers, and public security frontline personnel completed the relevant procedures including nucleic acid detection through the official ticket purchase platform, and then watched the game of the Shanghai Jiu Shi team against the Shandong Dongxi Kings.
During the competition, the observers must wear masks at all times, sit in the correct number, and strictly sit at a distance of one meter.
When exiting, the audience must keep the order of “one meter noodle” social distance in order from front to back, first two sides and then middle.
Xinjiang's deep cultivation of "sunflower field" makes good use of clean energy
2020-07-26 15:43:42 Source: China News Network Author: Chen Haifeng Chief Editor: Chen Haifeng
China News Agency, Hami, Xinjiang, July 26th, Title: Xinjiang's deep cultivation of "sunflower fields", use of clean energy
More than 6000 pentagonal heliostats, 48 square meters each, are arranged neatly in a circle, like a silver "sunflower field", which rotates with the sun and reflects the sunlight to a heat absorption tower with a height of more than 200 meters in the center to achieve power generation.
The reporter saw this scene on the 25th at the Hami Molten Salt Tower CSP Power Plant in Naomaohu Town, Yiwu County, Hami City, Xinjiang.
"The so-called molten salt tower type photothermal power generation is to concentrate the sunlight through the mirror surface to the heat absorption tower to form thermal energy, and then convert the thermal energy into electrical energy through traditional power generation technology."
Zhang Yong, deputy general manager of CLP Hami Solar Thermal Power Co., Ltd., said that the design principle is similar to the solar cookers used in rural areas in northwestern China, which must gather sunlight.
The power plant started construction in October 2017 and was connected to the grid at the end of last year. It covers an area of 6,600 acres and plans to install 14,500 heliostats.
"Compared with traditional solar power generation technology, its biggest advantage is that it can store the accumulated heat energy and generate electricity at night."
Zhang Yong said that the 13-hour heat storage system configured in the project can keep the generator set running continuously and steadily and is not affected by changes in light; it can also quickly participate in grid peak shaving according to the peak and valley demand of the grid load.
After the project is fully completed, it can realize annual power generation of 198 million kWh, annual savings of more than 60,000 tons of standard coal, reduction of more than 60 tons of sulfur dioxide, more than 60 tons of nitrogen oxides, about 20 tons of soot, and more than 150,000 tons of carbon dioxide, providing a continuous source of clean energy for the local area.
In addition, there is another silver "sunflower field" in Shichengzi Photovoltaic Industrial Park of Hami City.
The Hami photovoltaic solar power plant covers an area of more than 2,300 acres, and the 714 power generation equipment that have been built also follow the sun, always keeping the sunlight at a right angle of 90 degrees to the surface of the concentrator.
"We use dual-axis tracking concentrating power generation technology. Through unified integrated control, all power generation equipment will adjust the angle according to the height of the sun to maintain power generation efficiency."
Duan Mengqi, the head of the power station, said that under good weather conditions, the power generation technology can improve the efficiency of conventional photovoltaic power generation by about 20%.
In the first half of this year, the power station has generated more than 7 million kWh, supplementing local electricity demand.
Shichengzi Photovoltaic Industrial Park is currently the largest photovoltaic industry demonstration park in Xinjiang with the largest monomer scale and the most complete types of photovoltaic modules. It has settled 38 photovoltaic power generation projects with a total installed capacity of 820,000 kilowatts.
In the first half of this year, power generation exceeded 110 million kWh, a 6% increase from the same period in 2019.
Hami is one of the regions with the best solar resource conditions in China.
The annual average total solar radiation is more than 6,200 megajoules per square meter, and the annual sunshine hours are about 3200 hours.
In recent years, the city has vigorously developed the photovoltaic industry and planted "sunflower fields".
More than 2.5 million kilowatts of solar power has been installed, and the city's photovoltaic power generation exceeded 1.4 billion kWh in the first half of this year, a year-on-year increase of about 14%.
At present, there are more than 330 grid-connected photovoltaic power plants in Xinjiang with an installed capacity of over 10 million kilowatts.
It is expected that this year's annual photovoltaic power generation will reach 15 billion kWh, which can replace more than 6 million tons of standard coal.
Police report details of "female college students lost contact in Qinghai tourism" search and rescue work continues-Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Xining, July 26 (Reporter Wang Jinjin and Zhou Zhe) Recently, "a female college student lost contact after traveling to Golmud, Qinghai Province" attracted netizens' attention.
The Public Security Bureau of Golmud, Haixi Mongolian-Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Qinghai Province reported on the 26th that Nanjing University student Huang Mou is still in a state of loss of contact.
On July 10, 2020, the Security Detachment of the Public Security Bureau of Golmud City, Haixi Prefecture received a notification from a superior that Huang Moumou, a Nanjing University student, took the Z164 train from Nanjing to Golmud on July 5th. On July 9th, the mobile phone was shut down and lost contact at the southwestern area of Qingshuihe River, Sonam Dage Protection Station, Qumalai County, Yushu Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Qinghai Province.
According to the investigation of the Golmud City Public Security Bureau, Huang Moumou entered Qinghai Province at 19:54 on July 6 and arrived in Golmud at 4 on the 7th.
At 8:00 on the same day, the missing person Huang Moumou took a taxi from the Yellow River Hotel, Golmud City, toward G109 National Road, and arrived at the Cococili Sonan Dajie Protection Station at 12 o'clock. The taxi driver returned alone. Huang Mou arrived at the Qingshui River area near the Sonan Dajie Protection Station at 15:00 on the 7th and was shut down in the area until 18:00 on the 9th.
In further investigation, the police found that Huang Moumou had passed the Naijigou checkpoint at 17:07 on July 13.
The Naijigou checkpoint is a checkpoint set up by the Nanqu City of Tibet Autonomous Region in Nanshankou, Golmud City. Since the checkpoint has no video surveillance, it is impossible to determine the identity of the person and the vehicle. The police can only drive the car to search along the way. If the various checkpoints along the Tibet line find Huang Moumou, they will immediately contact the Golmud Public Security Bureau.
According to the latest situation, at 1 a.m. on July 26, the Golmud City Public Security Bureau organized rescue forces to carry rescue equipment to the Non-Frozen Spring Protection Station and Sonan Dajie Protection Station along the Qinghai-Tibet Highway to search, and actively contacted the Sichuan Police, Tibet Police, and Nanjing Police to work together. The search and rescue work is still continuing.
The local police hope that if the netizens and all walks of life in the society have relevant clues, they will promptly provide them to the Golmud police and the Nanjing Jiangning police in an effort to find the missing person Huang Moumou as soon as possible.
At the same time, relevant experts reminded tourists to be normative, rational and civilized in outdoor activities, pay attention to roadside warning signs at any time, do not risk entering unmanned areas, and report to the police in case of emergencies.
U.S. media uncovers the truth of the U.S. side's unreasonable request for China to close its consulate general in Houston
2020-07-26 14:40:44 Source: CCTV network Author: Zhu Yanjing Editor in charge: Zhu Yanjing
U.S. media unveiled the truth that the U.S. side unreasonably asked China to close the consulate general in Houston
On the 24th, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs informed the US Embassy in China that the Chinese side decided to revoke the establishment and operation permission of the US Consulate General in Chengdu and set specific requirements on the suspension of all business and activities of the Consulate General as a countermeasure against the US side's sudden demand on the 21st to close the Chinese Consulate General in Houston.
This behavior of the US government has aroused many concerns, and its political motives have been questioned by foreign media and scholars.
Why did you ask China to close the consulate general?
Many foreign media said that it is not clear why the United States chose the Chinese consulate general in Houston, but for the purpose of this move, foreign media bluntly stated: for the election.
CNN reported on the 23rd that the US request for China to close the consulate general in Houston triggered public doubts about its political motives.
The article said that the US government's catastrophic response to the new crown epidemic has caused President Trump's support for polls before the election to be sluggish.
White House officials said privately that the tough strategy adopted against China was to save Trump's approval rating and also to shift the responsibility of the White House outbreak to respond to failure.
The article believes that the Chinese Consulate General in Houston is a "politically driven and very cautious" target chosen by the United States. The US government chose it to "make a tough attitude while avoiding the risk of major conflicts."
The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) also believes that when the US election season is approaching and the US economy has been severely hit by the epidemic, Trump believes that "playing the "Chinese card" has political advantages."
The current situation is "a spiraling, tit-for-tat struggle." This is driven to a certain extent by the US government from the perspective of domestic considerations, and will only worsen the tension between China and the United States.
CBS reported that Trump’s re-election prospects were under pressure due to the outbreak, and he repeatedly accused China of being out of the situation.
Almost every day in the United States, there are new actions against Trump's absurd theories of "China exploiting the United States."
"Consulate General of Houston is very important in establishing ties between the two countries"
The Associated Press commented that the United States' request for China to close its consulate in Houston has exacerbated tensions between the world's two largest economies.
If the Chinese consulate in Houston is closed, in addition to diplomatic influence, Chinese citizens in the southern United States face difficulties in obtaining consular services, as do American citizens seeking visas and other services.
A Houston business group expressed regret over the US request for China to close the consulate general in Houston, saying that the consulate general played an important role in establishing trade, investment and cultural ties between the two countries.
The Associated Press believes that this reflects the importance of the Chinese economy.
The website of the US Foreign Policy magazine believes that the US move "is part of a series of provocative measures that will only worsen US-China relations."
Reuters quoted Jonathan Pollack, an expert on East Asia at the Brookings Institution, an American think tank, as saying that since the establishment of comprehensive diplomatic relations between the United States and China in 1979, he could not think of any action that could be compared with the United States’ action against the Chinese Consulate General in Houston.
Hong Kong’s South China Morning Post reported that this move by the US has been unprecedented in the diplomatic relations between China and the United States for more than 40 years.
Analysts believe that this move may cause lasting damage.
The Chinese Consulate General in Houston was established in 1979 and was China's first consulate general in the United States.
At present, China has an embassy and five consulates in the United States.
Russia hosts parade to celebrate naval festival-Xinhuanet
On July 26, in St. Petersburg, Russia, ships lined up to participate in the naval festival celebrations.
Issued by Xinhua News Agency (photo by Mo Jingna)
Xinhua News Agency, Moscow, July 26th (Reporter Lu Jinbo) The Russian fleets held a military parade on the 26th to celebrate the naval festival and commemorate the 324th anniversary of the founding of the Russian Navy.
On the same day, the Russian North Sea, Baltic Sea, Black Sea, Caspian Sea and Pacific Fleets held military parades in the seas where their bases were located. A total of 15,000 soldiers, 219 ships of various types and 71 military aircraft participated.
Russian President and Putin, the highest commander of the armed forces, attended the parade of the Baltic Fleet.
About 4,000 soldiers, 46 ships and more than 40 fighters participated in the local military parade.
Putin first reviewed the formation of ships in the waters of the Naval Base in Kronstadt, Baltic Sea.
Afterwards, he took a speedboat to the waters of the Neva River in the center of St. Petersburg and landed, watching the parade on the Neva River.
Putin said in a military parade that the modernization of the Russian navy’s equipment has continued to improve in recent years. The Russian navy will receive a total of about 40 new ships equipped with unique hypersonic strike systems in 2020.
In addition, the commander-in-chief of Russia’s Navy, Yevmenov, recently said in an interview with the Russian Defense Ministry’s “Red Star News” that Russia’s plan to build ships has been effectively implemented, and the number of new ships the Russian Navy plans to receive in 2020 is relatively large in recent years.
In 1696, Tsar Peter the Great embarked on the formation of a maritime fleet, inaugurating the history of the Russian Navy.
The last Sunday of July every year is the Russian Navy Festival.
In response to new changes in epidemic prevention and control, since July 17, trade unions at all levels in Xinjiang have actively participated in epidemic prevention and control in response to the call of the Autonomous Region Federation of Trade Unions.
The cadres, employees, and labor models of trade unions in the north and south of the Tianshan Mountain walked into street communities and residents, carried out activities such as food delivery, medicine delivery, disinfection and sterilization, and publicizing epidemic prevention knowledge. They served the staff and workers, and demonstrated the "hard core power" of the trade unions with practical actions.
Recently, the condolences group of the Tianshan District Federation of Trade Unions in Urumqi sent a group of urgently needed epidemic prevention and control living materials to the staff of 12 isolation points.
After the outbreak, the total amount of funds in Tianshan District was more than 1.05 million yuan, which was urgently allocated to 23 directly affiliated grass-roots trade unions.
Zhao Xiangguo, deputy secretary of the Party Committee and Chairman of the Trade Union of China Construction Xinjiang Construction Engineering and Construction Co., Ltd., received the company's notice on epidemic prevention and control and volunteered to stay at the unit on duty to protect employees.
He sent cooking utensils, food and daily necessities for the employees who lived in the unit dormitory and newly hired employees, and organized the staff to send them the necessary materials for life every two days.
"From July 21st, the cadres and employees who stick to the front line of "epidemic disease" will be figured out, and the online order will be placed, and the business will be delivered to the door. The 704 first-line workers in the Urumqi area will first supplement the epidemic prevention supplies and daily supplies."
The person in charge of the Xinjiang Transportation Union told reporters that in the face of sudden outbreaks, they will do their best to ensure the prevention and control of the outbreak, steadily promote the development of transportation, and create a strong atmosphere to fight the epidemic together.
At the current high temperature in summer, trade unions at all levels are paying close attention to the front-line workers in key areas for epidemic prevention and control, and put the care of "sending cool" to the ground.
On July 19, the Urumqi County Federation of Trade Unions launched a "send cool" condolences to the frontline employees of epidemic prevention and control. The county's police stations, card points and health systems received condolences such as beverages and fruits.
"Trade union cadres should further improve their political positions, strengthen their responsibility, warm people's hearts with care, and encourage fighting spirit with action.
It is necessary to give full play to the role of trade union organizations in cohesion and unity of employees, to provide service guarantee for epidemic prevention and control, to actively protect the health rights and interests of employees, and to send care to the frontline employees."
Relevant person in charge of the Autonomous Region Federation of Trade Unions said.
The work of direct recruiting officers will start in 2020-Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Jia Qilong) The Political Work Department of the Military Commission and the National Defense Mobilization Department of the Military Commission recently issued a notice to deploy and recruit non-commissioned officers directly from college graduates in 2020.
This year's direct recruiting officers cover more than 270 military and general majors in 64 categories such as computer, automation, and machinery. They focus on increasing the recruitment of drones, navigation, aerospace, electronic information, and small languages. The recruitment scale has increased by nearly 2,000 compared with last year.
This year, the work of recruiting non-commissioned officers and the compulsory recruiting were organized and implemented simultaneously, starting on August 1 and ending on September 30.
The recruited youths can check the conditions for direct recruits and the distribution of recruited majors through the National Recruitment Network (http://www.gfbzb.gov.cn), submit online registration information that meets the professional scope and recruitment conditions, and participate in the follow-up recruitment work such as physical examination and political assessment according to the unified requirements of the land acquisition military service organs.
Qualified young people who cannot be recruited as non-commissioned officers due to the recruitment of majors and planning restrictions can participate in the conscript of compulsory soldiers. When they are selected as non-commissioned officers at the end of their compulsory military service, the number of years they are enrolled in ordinary colleges and universities in accordance with the stipulated educational system is regarded as the service time.
This year's recruitment of noncommissioned officers is organized by the provincial or prefecture-level People's Government Recruitment Office. Enrollment majors will be selected on the basis of comprehensive evaluation of the level of enrollment, academic performance during the school period, and obtaining professional qualification certificates. Scarce majors will be targeted for local colleges that meet the professional requirements and have recruitment advantages.
According to the requirements for normalized prevention and control of the epidemic situation, direct recruiting officers will not arrange for self-registration in principle this year, and they will be organized into the battalion synchronously with compulsory soldiers.
The time for direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers is calculated from September 1, 2020, and the time for troops to issue orders for non-commissioned officers is December 1, 2020.
The army receiving unit will scientifically formulate enlistment and professional training programs and carefully organize the training; after the training is completed, the recruitment of non-commissioned officers will be uniformly and accurately assigned to the corresponding professional technical positions according to the principle of professional counterparts and consistent recruitment.
Spokesperson in the British Embassy: The Chinese government is a staunch defender of cybersecurity
China News Service, July 26. According to the website of the Chinese Embassy in the United Kingdom, on the 25th, a spokesperson for the Chinese Embassy in the United Kingdom responded to reporters' questions about the erroneous comments about the cyber attack.
The spokesman emphasized that the Chinese government is a staunch defender of cyber security and has consistently resolutely opposed and combated any form of cyber attacks and cyber crimes.
A reporter asked: According to the media, hacker organizations related to China had interfered with the network system of a British company, launched attacks against British and American technology companies with patent data, and invaded the government networks of EU countries.
The spokesman said that the Chinese government is a staunch defender of cyber security and has consistently resolutely opposed and combated any form of cyber attacks and cyber crimes.
Cyberspace has strong virtuality, difficult source tracing, and diverse behaviors. When investigating and qualitative cyber incidents, sufficient evidence should be produced and no unreasonable guesses can be made.
The spokesman said that a series of incidents such as the "Prism Gate" proved that the United States has been conducting the world's largest cyber-theft operation.
Maintaining peace and stability in cyberspace is in the common interest of all countries.
The spokesman pointed out that China's achievements in technological innovation were not stolen or robbed, but were obtained through self-reliance and hard work.
In 2019, China submitted about 59,000 patent applications through the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT), with an annual growth rate of 10.6%, making it the country with the largest number of international patent applications.
China has become a major country in innovation and intellectual property.
According to data from the Urumqi Central Sub-branch of the People's Bank of China, in the first half of the year, new loans to agriculture-related and small and micro enterprises in Xinjiang exceeded the increase in the whole year of 2019.
In the first half of this year, the Urumqi Central Sub-branch of the People's Bank of China used a variety of monetary policy tools to guide the banking industry to continue to increase loans, and provide sufficient funds for epidemic prevention and control and resumption of production and production.
Urumqi free nucleic acid testing has been completed in most areas
China News Service, Urumqi, July 26 (Reporter Sun Tingwen, Zhao Yamin) Urumqi City Health and Health Committee Director Zhang Wei said on the 26th when reporting the latest epidemic situation and nucleic acid testing in Urumqi, that most of the free nucleic acid testing in Urumqi City has been basically completed.
The expert group of the State Council and experts from the autonomous region and Urumqi are making further assessments of the development of the epidemic based on the results of nucleic acid detection and epidemiological investigations.
The Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region Information Office held a press conference on the 26th to inform Xinjiang of the epidemic situation and its prevention and control.
According to him, from 0:00 to 24:00 on July 25, 22 new cases of new coronary pneumonia were diagnosed in Urumqi (of which 5 were transferred from asymptomatic infections to confirmed cases), and 38 new cases of asymptomatic infections were added.
As of 24:00 on July 25, there are 135 confirmed cases and 147 asymptomatic patients in Urumqi.
The asymptomatic infections newly added on the 25th were basically detected by free nucleic acid detection and active screening throughout the city.
Zhang Wei, director of the Urumqi Municipal Health and Health Commission, said on the 26th that most areas of free nucleic acid testing in Urumqi City have been basically completed.
He also said that from the experience of other regions in the country, there are many factors that affect the results of nucleic acid detection, such as the sensitivity of the detection reagents, the infection time and detoxification time of the test personnel, the cooperation of the test person when the sample is taken (the difference in the degree of cooperation may cause the sample not to be in place), the test environment, and the proficiency of the test personnel.
For various reasons, nucleic acid testing can also produce false negative results.
The so-called false negative means that the subject is indeed infected, but the nucleic acid test result is negative.
In addition, for people who have had close contact with confirmed cases and suspected cases, it usually takes two nucleic acid tests to rule out.
For people who have been to high-risk areas in the epidemic, if fever and respiratory symptoms occur, a negative nucleic acid test may have a false negative, so two nucleic acid tests are also required to rule out.
He said that in view of the above, for the health of the people of all ethnic groups in the city, from today on, Urumqi City will conduct second free nucleic acid tests in key areas such as Tianshan District and Shayibak District, and carry out "check and fill in the gaps".
It is reported that Tianshan District and Shayibak District are high-risk areas.
Offline streamlining of "cloud" is warm Shanghai International Film Festival reveals extraordinary industry confidence-中新网
2020-07-26 06:52:39 Source: Wen Wei Po Author: Wang Sishuo Editor-in-Chief: Wang Sishuo
The streamlining of offline "cloud" is warm, and the Shanghai International Film Festival has shown extraordinary industry confidence
Our News (Chief reporter Wang Yan) Yesterday, the 2020 Shanghai International Film and Television Festival held under the background of strict anti-epidemic measures, opened the 23rd Shanghai International Film Festival with an industry summit forum of "Fully Comfortable, Building a New Era of Dreams".
As the first international film and television festival held since the continuous spread of the global epidemic and the normalization of China's epidemic prevention and control, this year's Shanghai International Film Festival is of great significance.
On the basis of the normalization of epidemic prevention and control, holding the Shanghai International Film and Television Festival is not only a sign of confidence, but also a declaration of determination. Our confidence in defeating the epidemic remains unchanged, the confidence in running the people’s festival remains unchanged, and the confidence in building a global film and television creation center and starting the "Shanghai Culture" brand remains unchanged.
Every year, the Shanghai International Film Festival, with the attitude of continuous innovation and continuous progress, is to start again and start again.
Therefore, every step needs to be taken to serve the spiritual life of the people and the high-quality development of the film and television industry.
This year is even more so.
In order to cherish the hard-won epidemic prevention and control situation, the Shanghai International Film Festival strictly adheres to the requirements of epidemic prevention and implements detailed measures for epidemic prevention and control; on the other hand, it holds the vision of gathering wisdom for Chinese film creation and meeting the needs of movie fans to open multi-sector activities online and offline.
On the first day of the opening, from the offline movie viewing to the industry forum, the film festival-related activities have strictly implemented relevant epidemic prevention policies.
Forum activities are limited to less than 50 people, and the attendance rate and attendance rate of each film viewing are strictly controlled within 30%.
As the film festival organizing committee upholds, in any case, "putting the safety and health of the people first" is the major premise.
The offline activities have been greatly streamlined, and the "cloud" has been much lively.
In order to implement the important concept of "people's city built by the people, people's city for the people", as a festival of the masses, this year's Shanghai International Film Festival plans to innovate and transform, using online "cloud exhibition", master class "cloud sharing" and other measures to meet the diverse needs of fans.
On the first day of the opening, Migu Video, the official partner of the film festival, and the Oriental Pearl TV Tower, respectively, gave several "Belt and Road" films "Shangyun" to the fans.
That night, the opening ceremony of the Golden Jue and the master class of Jia Zhangke were also launched on multiple platforms such as CCTV, Learning Power, and Wenhui App, so that people can follow the latest trends of Chinese movies without leaving home.
At the opening forum yesterday, Yan Xiaoming, a member of the Party Leadership Group and Deputy Director of the Central Radio and Television Station, delivered a speech and announced the opening of the film festival. Zhou Huilin, member of the Standing Committee of the Shanghai Municipal Party Committee and Minister of the Propaganda Department, delivered a speech, and Vice Mayor Zong Ming attended.
White House epidemic expert Fuch: cautiously optimistic about the vaccine developed in early 2021
Foch made the above remarks at an online video conference hosted by the International Leadership Foundation on the 25th.
He reminded that it is still unclear how the new crown epidemic will develop in autumn and winter, and the final impact of the epidemic. "The only way to end this is that each of us chooses to be part of the solution."
According to data from Johns Hopkins University in the United States, as of 21:00 on the 25th, the number of confirmed cases of the new crown in the United States has reached 4.176 million, and 146,000 deaths.
Fodge said that some areas of the United States are currently struggling to fight the rebound epidemic.
Although the epidemic situation differs from place to place and needs a response plan tailored to local conditions, diversified anti-epidemic strategies do not mean that there is no close connection between regions.
The epidemic in one area will eventually affect other areas.
"Now is not a time for complacency," Foch said. "Our work has not been completed, we must step up our efforts, and we must be vigilant about the uncertainty of the future."
He Dayi, a Chinese-American medical expert and founder of "cocktail therapy" for AIDS, pointed out at the meeting that the new US epidemic has not yet reached its peak.
"Each of us must do our part to slow down the spread of this virus."
He Dayi called on the public to use their actual actions to buy time for scientists to step up the development of new crown treatment drugs and vaccines.
The International Leadership Foundation is a non-profit organization whose purpose is to promote international exchange activities in the United States and the Asia-Pacific region. It is committed to enhancing the status of Americans of Asian-Pacific origin and nurturing young international leaders.
On the same day, U.S. Secretary of Transportation Zhao Xiaolan, U.S. Rep. Meng Zhaowen and Founding Chairman of the International Leadership Foundation Dong Jiling, etc. spoke at the meeting.
In particular, they paid tribute to medical workers and volunteers of Asian-Pacific origin who were fighting against the epidemic, and called on the American public to continue to adhere to the "social distance" and other epidemic prevention guidelines to curb the spread of the epidemic.
Dalian: No new local confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia, 24 new cases of asymptomatic infections-Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Dalian, July 25 (Reporters Cai Yongjun, Cui Shihao) Dalian City announced on the 25th that there was no newly confirmed local case of new coronary artery pneumonia in New York City from July 15 at 14:00 to July 25 at 14:00, with 24 new cases of asymptomatic infection and no new suspected cases.
From July 22nd to 25th at 14:00, the city reported a total of 12 locally diagnosed cases of new coronary pneumonia, all of which were isolated and treated in Dalian Sixth People's Hospital.
According to Zhao Lian, deputy director of the Dalian Municipal Health Commission, according to the epidemic situation, Dalian organized medical staff in the city’s tertiary hospitals to enter the street community, opened more than 600 sampling points in Dalian Bay, Workers’ Village, along the light rail, and some key areas of the Jinpu New District. It fully promoted the nucleic acid screening of personnel and dispatched nearly 2,000 medical staff to perform nucleic acid detection and sampling every day.
As of 14:00 on July 25, the city has collected more than 210,000 person-times.
Ten of the 12 confirmed cases in Dalian are employees of Dalian Kaiyang World Seafood Co., Ltd.; 46 of the 54 asymptomatic infections are employees of the company and their relatives; of all the positive cases of nucleic acid tests, the employees of the company and their relatives account for 85%.
After research and judgment, Dalian City decided to strengthen the strict control of all the close contacts of the employees of Dalian Kaiyang World Seafood Co., Ltd. and the close contacts of the close contacts, and implemented centralized isolation medical observation and at least two nucleic acid tests on the 14th.
At the same time, Dalian City decided to further expand the scope of centralized isolation medical observers. Close contacts and close contacts of people with positive nucleic acid tests (including cases and asymptomatic infections) will be subject to centralized isolation medical observation on the 14th and at least two nucleic acid tests.
Dalian Airport and Dalian Railway Station both issued notices on the 25th. In principle, the city’s personnel should implement non-essential non-disconnection, and if they do, they must hold a negative nucleic acid test certificate within 7 days; Dalian Automobile Passenger Terminal will suspend ticket sales for all lines in the city from 12:00 on the 25th. The specific recovery time will be notified separately.
Brazilian study shows that hydroxychloroquine is ineffective in treating mild to moderate new coronary pneumonia
Recently, a Brazilian study showed that hydroxychloroquine is not effective in patients with mild to moderate neopneumonia.
The research report was published in the "New England Journal of Medicine".
The Pakistani researchers divided 667 patients in 55 hospitals across the country into three groups and conducted clinical trials; mainly comparing the therapeutic effect of using hydroxychloroquine alone or in combination with other antibiotics azithromycin, and analyzing whether it can help improve the condition of mild and moderate patients with new coronary pneumonia.
The results show that hydroxychloroquine not only has no therapeutic effect, but may have harmful side effects on organs.
The study was jointly completed by several authoritative hospitals in Brazil such as Hospital Israelita Albert Einstein, Hospital for Cardiology (HCor), Hospital Lebanon (Hospital Sírio-Libanês), Brazil Clinical Research Institute (BCRI) and Brazilian Intensive Care Research Network (BRICNet).
On the 25th local time, Brazilian President Bosonaro announced on the social platform that the fourth nucleic acid test was negative.
During the infection, Bosonaro has been taking hydroxychloroquine and actively promoted it many times.
Station reporter Zhao Yijun
Four departments carry out a new round of App governance to protect the security of personal information
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 25 (Reporter Yu Junjie, Chen Aiping) The reporter learned from the National Internet Information Office on the 25th that in 2020, the illegal collection and use of personal information in the App was officially launched in recent days, focusing on cracking down on the App background to upload personal information and other people reflect strong issues.
It is reported that this round of App governance work is carried out by the joint action of the four departments of the State Network Information Office, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Ministry of Public Security, and the State Administration of Market Supervision.
According to reports, a special governance working group composed of four departments accepted more than 12,000 pieces of information reported by netizens last year, conducted verifications on more than 2,300 apps, and adopted punishment measures such as public exposure, interviews, and removal of 260 apps with large user scale and outstanding problems.
According to the relevant person in charge of the State Cyberspace Administration, the current number of apps has exceeded 5 million, and the problem of illegally collecting and using personal information has not been fundamentally resolved.
In 2020, the governance work will be further strengthened, and on the basis of App verification, the scope of governance will be further extended to SDK (software development kit) and applets.
It is reported that the working group will conduct special research and in-depth inspections on issues such as irregular collection and use of personal biometric information, and app abuse of sensitive permissions, focusing on the abuse of background permissions such as recording and taking pictures.
According to the circumstances of the discovered problem and the seriousness of the consequences, the working group will punish interviews, warnings, removals, fines and other penalties in accordance with the law and regulations to form an effective deterrent to violations of the law.
It is understood that the working group plans to formulate an App Store Audit Management Guide for App Collection and Use of Personal Information, which guides and urges app stores to do a good job of app review before going online, and strictly controls entry.
In addition, the working group will also release free technical tools to guide SMEs to carry out self-assessment and evaluation, and improve the legal compliance of SMEs' personal information collection and use activities.
Johns Hopkins University: more than 16 million cases of new crowns diagnosed worldwide-Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, New York, July 26th: The new crown epidemic statistics released by Johns Hopkins University on the 26th show that as of 2:40 pm Eastern Time on the 26th (14:40 Beijing time), the cumulative number of new crown diagnosed cases in the world reached 16,048,100 cases, and a total of 644,537 deaths.
The data shows that the United States is the most severe country in the world, with a total of 4,178,027 confirmed cases and a total of 146,460 deaths.
Brazil has a total of 2394513 confirmed cases and 86449 deaths. Both data are second only to the United States.
In addition, countries with more than 300,000 confirmed cases include India, Russia, South Africa, Mexico, Peru, Chile and the United Kingdom.
On the 25th, the Hunan Red Tourism Culture Festival 2020 and the first Red Culture Industry Expo in Xiangtan kicked off in Shaoshan.
In recent years, the demand for red tourism has gradually increased.
However, the development of the red tourism industry is also faced with the dilemma of a small number of young people, homogenization of tourism projects, and a single commercial channel.
Especially this year's outbreak of the epidemic, the nation's cultural and tourism industry was severely frustrated, and red tourist attractions also faced serious challenges.
For example, the use of technology such as drone shooting and VR immersion experience can meet the tourists' needs for "people have not arrived, the scenery has arrived"; the introduction of webcasting methods and the promotion of famous specialty products in red scenic spots can directly improve the economic benefits of red tourism; the introduction of "cloud" technology to create a prominent theme, a clear and rich content display, fully demonstrate and enhance the red scenic spots mission function; innovative red cultural attractions, let the red cultural heritage, live red, and red
This cultural festival uses the popular "county/city (district) head   professional anchor special promotion" to promote red cultural tourism special products, and uses 5G technology to provide real-time viewing and smart city demonstration services to promote red cultural tourism attractions. It is an effort to plug red tourism into smart wings. Expect red tourism in Hunan to become more and more popular.
U.S.-China Trade Talks Representative Meets in August
Hong Kong’s South China Morning Post quoted an anonymous source as saying on the 25th that the head of China’s trade negotiating team, Vice Premier Liu He, and the US team’s co-leader and trade representative Lai Haizhe are expected to hold formal talks in August to assess the implementation of the first-phase trade agreement between China and the United States.
The report said that although China has substantially increased the amount of US agricultural products purchased in the past few months, due to factors such as the new coronavirus epidemic, China’s procurement volume is still some distance away from the amount promised in the trade agreement.
Analysts said that the recent closure of each other’s consulates by the United States and China, together with other disputes, may undermine any progress in trade between the two sides.
The first-phase trade agreement between China and the United States came into effect one month after it was signed on January 15. The agreement stipulates that the trade framework group composed of high-level parties of the two sides should hold talks every six months.
According to people familiar with the matter, the meeting will be "an important turning point," allowing both parties to evaluate the progress of the agreement.
But this person also said that if tensions between the United States and China lead to a low willingness to talk at this time, the two parties may agree that the May 8 conference call between Lai Haizhe and Liu He has met the terms of the semi-annual talks in the trade agreement.
Since the beginning of this year, Sino-US relations have deteriorated rapidly. The disputes between the two sides include a series of issues including the origin of New Coronavirus, trade, Hong Kong, Xinjiang, the South China Sea and ideology.
Although US President Trump boasted of his achievements in the first phase of the agreement at the beginning of the year, his attitude has changed recently.
He said at the White House press conference on the 23rd that although China's recent single-day purchase of US corn has broken records and bought a lot of soybeans, "but this trade agreement is not as meaningful to me as it was when it was originally reached."
An anonymous Beijing government consultant also believes that due to the poor US-China relations, a new round of trade negotiations is unlikely to proceed, "Trade issues have lost weight in Sino-US relations."
However, he revealed that China's economic and trade related units still met on the 23rd to discuss a series of issues, including how to increase imports from the United States. "We have tried our best to buy, so any additional purchases will be difficult."
Peng Jiening, vice chairman of the US-China National Trade Commission, said that maintaining the momentum of the first phase of the agreement was "more important than ever" and pointed out that China has made progress in further opening the financial market to US companies this year.
Analysts at independent research firm Plenum said: "It is better to talk than not to talk, although it may only be regarded as a routine matter."
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Wei Yukun) The reporter learned from the Emergency Management Department on the 26th that the National Defense Office and the Emergency Management Department together with the State Food and Material Reserve Bureau once again urgently transported 1.35 million woven bags, 1.2 million square meters of woven cloth, and 130,000 square meters of geotextiles to Anhui to support flood relief work in Anhui.
According to the relevant person in charge of the Emergency Management Department, at present, the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River and the Huaihe River Basin maintain high water level fluctuations. "Floodwater No. 3 in the Yangtze River 2020" formed on the upper reaches of the Yangtze River on the 26th, and the risks in some areas have increased.
The meteorological department predicts that there will be heavy rainfall in Chongqing, Guizhou, and the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River in the next three days, and the flood control situation will remain severe and complex.
According to reports, since the flood season, the Ministry of Emergency Management has deployed a national comprehensive fire rescue team to pre-provision professional rescue forces in key flood prevention areas, participated in a total of 10,364 types of flood relief rescues, dispatched more than 130,000 commanders, 17,778 fire engines, and 11,887 boats, rescued 37,777 people in distress and evacuated more than 107,000 people.
Nasdaq China Chief Representative Hao Yusheng: Now is the best time for Chinese companies to go to the US for IPO-Economic Observation-Professional Finance News Website
Economic Observation Network reporter Zhang Bin Because of the fraud incident of Ruixing Coffee, the US market has imposed stricter supervision on Chinese stocks, coupled with long-term pressure on valuations, and Chinese stocks listed in the United States are feeling pressure. NetEase, JD.com and other Chinese stocks have recently begun their journey to return to Hong Kong for listing.
Recently, companies such as Shell and Ideal Auto have become more enthusiastic about going public in the US.
Under the epidemic and the crisis of the Chinese stock market, is it the best time for Chinese companies to go public in the US?
"In terms of recent IPO cases and the companies that will go public in the United States, the IPO in the United States has not been substantially affected. Instead, the market is very good now. Even now this time point is the best time point for Chinese companies to go to the US IPO in the past 10 years."
Hao Yusheng, chief representative of the Nasdaq Stock Exchange in China, said at the "Overview of Shares in the 2020 Summit of Listed Companies Leaders" hosted by Snowball.
In April of this year, the US Securities Regulatory Commission (SEC) and the US Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) issued a "Statement on the Important Role of Audit Quality and Regulatory Access to Audit and Other International Information-A Discussion on Current Information Acquisition Challenges for US Listed Companies with Large Numbers of Businesses in China."
The statement said that despite the significant increase in international cooperation and coordination in recent years, the US regulatory authorities still have problems in obtaining information. The SEC and PCAOB still face legal and practical challenges. Corresponding to the document, the PCAOB website details the list of listed companies that have encountered audit obstacles and their audit institutions. A large number of Chinese stock companies are listed.
In addition, in May this year, the US Senate passed the "Accountability Act for Foreign Companies", which requires additional information disclosure requirements for foreign companies to list in the United States.
In Hao Yusheng's view, the crisis of the Chinese stock market has not affected investors' appetite.
"When this news first came out, it caused panic for everyone. Everyone was asking whether they could go public in the United States in the future, but then we found that these issues were not a matter for investors. Investors may ask these questions during the recent roadshow to the US IPO, and even become a standardization issue, but this has not been regarded as an important factor for investors to vote or not to invest in a Chinese company.
It is recommended that everyone should treat the current situation with an ordinary heart as much as possible.
Of course, this may seem to be the most serious situation in the past two years, but as far as the appetite of investors is concerned, it has not been affected in any way.
So from now until the end of this year or before the US elections, the IPO boom in the US will continue."
On May 9 this year, Kingsoft Cloud was officially listed on NASDAQ, becoming the first Chinese company to go to the US for IPO after the epidemic.
"The listing of Kingsoft Cloud gives Chinese companies who are preparing for an IPO a lot of confidence."
Hao Yusheng said.
In the first half of this year, Snowball’s report on mid-cap stock data showed that in the first half of this year, a total of 20 Chinese companies went to the IPO in the United States, an increase of 17.6% over the same period last year. From the perspective of total initial fundraising, the 20 companies raised a total of 2.725 billion yuan, which has rebounded from the same period last year and rose more than 52.4%. In terms of industry distribution, the number of IPOs in the healthcare industry in the first half of this year is outstanding, and it has increased by 100% over the same period last year.
According to Hao Yusheng, Chinese companies that went to the IPO in the United States in the first half of this year are of high quality and have excellent fundamentals and high-quality growth companies, which will be more favored by investors.
In the short, medium and long term, Hao Yusheng continues to be optimistic about the IPO of Ming Chinese companies in the United States.
"In the short term, the upsurge of going to the US for IPOs continues; in the medium term, Chinese companies have more choices, A shares, Hong Kong stocks, and US stocks. Everyone will take the US election and Sino-US relations as considerations for market selection and time selection. In the long run, everything will return to normal, and market fluctuations will be cycles. Both political cycles and economic cycles will eventually return to the normal stage. The stock market has always been fluctuating."
Hao Yusheng also said, "There are many uncertainties this year, but for quality companies, no matter the market is good or bad, as long as they are solid and have the growth that investors can see, other factors are relatively minor. Investors need to invest in excellent Chinese companies."
China News Service, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Gao Kai) On the evening of July 25, the "Dance of Life" series of concerts at the National Grand Theater "Sound of Summer Flowers" was staged online and offline as scheduled. Conductor Yang Yang and pianist Zhang Haochen collaborated with the National Theater Orchestra to perform Rachmaninoff's "Second Piano Concerto" and "Symphony".
At the same time, the National Grand Theater Taihu Theater, located in the city’s deputy center in Beijing, also welcomed its first offline performance since the anti-epidemic. Conductor Zheng Jian and the National Grand Theater Chorus passionately sang the military song of the "Taihu Weekly Concert"-the military ensemble singing concert.
After the Beijing epidemic response level was downgraded, in accordance with the city's epidemic prevention and control requirements and the spirit of the relevant municipal documents, the National Grand Theater performed concerts on July 25th and sold tickets to the public for the first time in accordance with the principle of "prudential opening and gradual opening."
Jin Hui, Minister of the Marketing Department of the National Grand Theater, said: "This is the first performance project for the National Grand Theater to sell tickets to the audience since the epidemic.
According to the relevant requirements for epidemic prevention and control, the real-name sales and admission of "one person, one vote, one certificate, one code" shall be implemented, and the number of sales shall not exceed 30% of the entire seat.
Afterwards, the drama "Western Chang'an", the August 1st Army Day Specially planned concerts, opera films and other performances and artistic activities will also be limited to the public.
The concert on July 25 also continued to be broadcast live on the National Grand Theater Classical Music Channel and multiple online platforms. As of 12:00 on the evening of the 25th, the online broadcast of this concert exceeded 30 million views.
The concert opened in the evening with the much-anticipated bells of the piano at the beginning of "La Er". This is the first time that the "Sounds like Summer Flowers" concert of the National Grand Theater dedicated the piano concerto to the audience.
With his deep and concise understanding, Zhang Haochen played the first theme full of sorrow and entanglement in the work. Under Yang Yang's direction, the orchestra and piano created endless listening enjoyment in the undulating competition and compromise.
After experiencing the second movement of "Shujingmu" and the third movement of "Grand Carnival", more than 100 audiences burst into warm applause when they returned to the scene. Online audiences also expressed heartfelt admiration in the form of barrage and comment.
Afterwards, Zhang Haochen returned to the audience with a Chopin's late work "Nocturne in C Minor".
After a short stage adjustment, Yang Yang conducted the National Grand Theater Orchestra to play Rachmaninov's last large-scale orchestra work "Symphony", in which the composer presents a more introspective emotion and incorporates his new inspiration and memory of his past creation and homeland.
In Yang Yang's calm and calm treatment, the melancholic temperament and magnificent atmosphere of this work are fully revealed, and the orchestra also deduced Rakhmaninov's "The Last Spark" brilliantly.
The pre-show guided tour of this concert once again brought unexpected surprises to the audience.
CCTV's "Newscast" anchor just came to the backstage dressing room of the National Grand Theater, revealing the "base" before the stage of the music masters such as Jiejieyev and Lang Lang, and then he came to the public space on the first floor of the National Grand Theater. In front of the three nine-foot pianos with stories, Yang Yang, Zhang Haochen and the tutor of the National Grand Theater were ready to talk with the music master and the maintenance of the piano.
That night, at the Taihu Amphitheatre of the National Grand Theater, the military song was loud-the military ensemble singing concert kicked off in the melodious "Don't Forget the Beginning".
This is the first performance of the National Grand Theater "Taihu Weekly Concert" since the anti-epidemic.
It is reported that on August 1, conductor Zheng Jian will also continue to bring the "Warriors and Motherland"-National Theater to celebrate the August 1st Army Day Chorus with the National Grand Theater Chorus as an online performance of the "Sounds of Summer Flowers" series, which will be broadcast live on the Internet and pay tribute to the soldiers defending the motherland in classic songs.
Heilongjiang investigated and dealt with 22,000 drunk driving in half a year-Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Harbin, July 26 (Reporter Liang Shubin) The reporter learned from the Traffic Police Corps of the Heilongjiang Provincial Public Security Department that in the first half of this year, the public security traffic control departments across Heilongjiang Province investigated and dealt with 22,000 drunk driving incidents.
Recently, when the traffic police of Hegang City were on duty at the service station, as soon as the driver saw the traffic police on duty, he left the car and ran.
The on-duty police quickly chased and arrested the suspect Wang in a warehouse of a villager's house.
The on-site test result of the breath alcohol tester was 28.4mg/100ml, and Wang was driving a motor vehicle after drinking.
The police imposed an administrative penalty of a fine of 2,000 yuan, a temporary detention of a motor vehicle driver’s license for 6 months and a driver’s license with 12 points at a time.
Since the beginning of this year, the Heilongjiang Provincial Public Security Traffic Control Department has continued to rectify the illegal and drunk driving crimes. "Drinking without driving, driving without drinking" has become a social consensus.
However, there are still drivers who are lucky and drunk driving drunkly. In the first half of this year, the public security and traffic control departments in all regions investigated and dealt with 22,000 cases of drunk driving, including 3744 cases of drunk driving.
Chongqing Wulong mountain landslide formed a dammed lake
Xinhua News Agency, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporter Zhou Wenchong, Ke Gaoyang) The reporter learned from the Wulong District Government of Chongqing on the 26th that the torrential rain caused local landslides and formed a dammed lake, and more than 500 people were transferred urgently.
Affected by continuous rainfall, since July 22, the soil at the trailing edge of the Zhongbao Formation of the Zhongtai Formation in the Liujing Village, Tulu Town, Wulong District has undergone large-scale slippage and deformation, and the landslide has fallen into the tributary of the Wujiang River along the Canghe River.
On the 25th, there was a heavy rainfall weather process on the local area, and the landslide further expanded, causing the passage of village roads to be interrupted, and completely blocking the river along the Cang River, forming a dammed lake with a water level of 13 meters in front of the dam and a water volume of about 420,000 cubic meters.
According to on-site survey and monitoring, the landslide has a volume of about 1.3 million cubic meters and is still in an unstable state. There are sporadic rockfalls, dam overflows have occurred in the dam lake, and there is a risk of dam break, which poses a threat to downstream power stations and farms.
After the danger occurred, the local government organized overnight evacuation of residents along the river and urgently moved the people to a safe area.
At present, 162 households and 520 people in the danger zone have all evacuated, and the disposal of the barrier lake is still in progress.
Reuters: Alibaba founder Jack Ma was summoned by Indian court
"Global Network" quoted the report as saying that an Indian employee who had worked for Alibaba's UC browser sued that he was dismissed because he objected to the censorship system and false news content on the company's application.
The former employee also took some screenshots as evidence, saying that the above shows that Alibaba's UC News App released fake news about India, especially the headline.
He also claimed that an application called UC Web would review content containing keywords such as the Sino-Indian border and the Sino-Indian war.
Court documents show that a civil judge from a local court in Gurugram, the satellite city of New Delhi, has issued subpoenas to Alibaba, Jack Ma, and more than a dozen individuals or companies, asking them to appear on July 29 or to appear through a lawyer.
Earlier on June 29, the Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology of India announced a ban on 59 Chinese applications including UC News, UC Browser, TikTok, WeChat, and Weibo on the grounds of security concerns.
Commentator of People's Daily: Concentrate on doing your own business and create new advantages for future development-On studying and implementing General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the entrepreneur forum-Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 25th: People's Daily, July 26, commentator article: Concentrate on doing your own thing, create new advantages for future development
At present, the global epidemic situation and the world economic situation are still grim and complex, and the challenges facing China's development are unprecedented.
Maintaining strategic determination, enhancing confidence in winning, and concentrating on our own affairs are the keys to our response to various risk challenges.
At the entrepreneurial forum held recently, General Secretary Xi Jinping emphasized that under the current external environment of rising protectionism, a downturn in the world economy, and shrinking global markets, we must concentrate our efforts on our own affairs, give full play to the advantages of the domestic ultra-large market, and gradually form a new development pattern that takes the domestic major cycle as the main body and promote the domestic and international dual cycles to promote the modernization of the industrial chain supply chain, vigorously promote scientific and technological innovation, and speed up the development of key core technologies.
Seeing the wisdom of the situation, controlling the situation to win.
Under the external environment in which economic globalization has developed in depth, the "two ends of the market" and resources have played an important role in China's rapid development.
Now, the world under the impact of the epidemic is undergoing profound changes, facing more unstable and uncertain factors, and economic globalization is facing headwinds and turning waves.
To be prepared for a longer period of time to respond to changes in the external environment, and to promote China's economy to ride the wind and waves, and to travel farther and farther, an extremely important aspect is to expand and meet domestic demand as a strategic basis for development, give full play to its own advantages, through the prosperity of the domestic economy and smooth domestic circulation to add momentum to the development of China's economy and drive the world economic recovery.
We must deeply realize that building a complete domestic demand system is related to China's long-term development and long-term stability.
The Party Central Committee reviewed the situation and clearly put forward a firm implementation of the strategy of expanding domestic demand. This is the need to respond to the impact of the epidemic, to maintain the long-term sustainable and healthy development of our economy, and to meet the needs of the people's growing beautiful life.
The advantage of a big country's economy is its internal recycling.
China has the world's most complete and largest industrial system, strong production capacity, and complete supporting capabilities. It has more than 100 million market players and more than 170 million highly educated or professionally-skilled talents. It also has a large-scale domestic demand market formed by a population of 1.4 billion including more than 400 million middle-income groups. It is in the stage of rapid development of new-type industrialization, informatization, urbanization, and agricultural modernization. It has huge investment demand potential.
The public ownership is the mainstay, and multiple ownership economies are developing together. Distribution according to labor is the mainstay and multiple distribution methods coexist. The socialist market economic system and other basic socialist economic systems can not only stimulate the vitality of various market players, liberate and develop social productivity, but also promote the organic integration of efficiency and fairness, and continuously achieve common prosperity.
We must firmly grasp the strategic basis of expanding domestic demand, make production, distribution, and circulation more dependent on the domestic market to achieve a virtuous cycle, clarify the strategic direction of supply-side structural reforms, and promote total supply and total demand to achieve a dynamic balance at a higher level.
It is necessary to accelerate the construction of a complete domestic demand system, vigorously promote technological innovation and other aspects of innovation, accelerate the promotion of strategic emerging industries such as the digital economy, intelligent manufacturing, life health, and new materials, and form more new growth points and growth poles, and gradually form a new development pattern that takes the domestic major cycle as the main body and promotes the domestic and international double cycles.
Openness brings progress, and closure is bound to lag behind.
General Secretary Xi Jinping emphasized many times that the door to China’s opening will not be closed, but will only be opened.
Taking the domestic major circulation as the main body, it is by no means closing the door to close the operation, but by exerting the potential of domestic demand, making the domestic market and the international market better connected, making better use of the international and domestic markets and resources, and achieving stronger and more sustainable development.
At the same time, there is no contradiction between expanding domestic demand and opening up. The smoother the domestic circulation, the more conducive to building a new pattern of opening up, and the more beneficial it is to forming new advantages for participating in international cooperation and competition.
Although the trend of protectionism is rising internationally, we must stand on the right side of history, insist on deepening reforms, expanding opening up, strengthening open cooperation in the field of science and technology, promoting the construction of an open world economy, and building a community of shared future for mankind.
The Chinese nation has experienced many hardships in the history, but it has never been crushed. Instead, it has become more frustrated and more courageous, and has continuously grown up and stood up from the hardships.
On the way forward, there is the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core, significant advantages of the socialist system with Chinese characteristics, strong mobilization capabilities and strong comprehensive strength, and the united struggle of the entire party, the army, and the people of all ethnic groups in the country. We will be able to overcome all difficulties and obstacles, maintain China's economic and social development momentum, build a well-off society in an all-round way, and successfully start a new journey of comprehensively building a socialist modern country!
Yu'ebao's income goes down "post-90s" but saves money "revengely"?
With the decline in Yu'ebao's income, not only did the "90s" not escape from Yu'ebao, but began to "revenge" to save money?
The "Yuebao treasure post-90 savings report" (2020 version) recently released by the China New Economic Research Institute and Alipay shows that in the first half of the year, the "post-90s" love saving more: the amount of savings per capita has increased by nearly 40% compared with 2019.
Interestingly, "post-90s" are more inclined to start with a small sum of money, and 60% of the average amount of money saved is below 20 yuan...
Saving money with Yu'ebao has also become a "post-90s" saving habit.
Statistics show that of the 700 million Yu'ebao users, 134 million are "post-90s" users.
There are 174 million "post-90s" in China, that is to say, about three out of every four "post-90s" are using Yubao to save money.
At present, the 7-day annualized return rate of currency funds such as Yu'ebao has fallen from a level higher than 2% at the beginning of the year to about 1.5%.
Even so, it did not affect the pace of saving money after the "90s."
In the context of the increase in the "saving effect" of Yu'ebao, many young people who are accustomed to using Yu'ebao are directly converted into "basic citizens."
According to Alipay data, as of July 13, the number of new "base people" on Alipay has more than doubled year-on-year, and more and more young people have realized "advanced" financial management on Alipay.
Some analysts believe that the inflow of funds from Yu'ebao to the stock market is also an important reason for the clear decline in the share of monetary funds in June.
The report also shows that "post-90s" girls are more inclined to save more money, an average of 20% higher than the amount of money saved by boys; 60% of users who hold funds on the Alipay platform are men, and women tend to choose a more stable financial management method than men.
After saving money, what are the plans for "post-90s"?
Alipay data shows that "post-90s" have the habit of saving money for their goals, and the most users use travel as their goal.
Affected by the epidemic, many "post-90s" save money to prepare for travel after the epidemic; the resumption of business in movie theaters also provides a new way for saving money to switch to consumption.
Let the bright party flags fly high on the flood control embankment
Recently, southern China has been affected by continuous rainfall, and the situation of flood control and flood control is very severe, causing disasters in 26 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities) in Guizhou, Sichuan, Hunan, Guangxi, Guangdong, and Hubei.
The disaster situation is the order, the disaster area is the battlefield, and the party flag is the battle flag in the face of the disaster. Party organizations at all levels, the vast number of party members and cadres, and the people's children and soldiers resolutely fell into practice. General Secretary Jin Ping's important instructions on flood prevention and disaster relief work quickly joined the flood prevention and relief frontline, and became the backbone of the masses in the disaster area and a vital force in the fight against floods.
The bright party flag fluttering high on the flood control embankment is a manifestation of loyalty and a call to mission.
In the face of disaster, a party organization is a battle fortress, and a party member cadre is a banner.
On the front line of fighting floods in various places, party organizations at all levels and the vast number of party members and cadres showed a high degree of loyalty to the party. Following the call of the Party Central Committee, with the action of "see me", the "follow me" pace, and the courage of "I come first", we built an unbreakable steel fortress and stood up the Chinese spine.
Bright party flags flutter high on the flood-resistant embankment, which is the standpoint of the position and the horn of the charge.
In the face of floods and floods, party organizations at all levels acted quickly, sounded the flood rush, and put bright party flags on the embankment. The vast number of party members and cadres, people's soldiers and soldiers stood firmly on the fronts for flood control. The will and actions of "party flags are on the ground" and "the flood will never retreat and the soldiers will not be recruited" have become the most reliable and reliable solid barriers for the people in the disaster area.
Bright party flags fluttering high on the flood control embankment are selfless dedication and responsibility.
The moment of crisis shows the true nature of party members. At the moment when the lives and property of the people are seriously threatened, party cadres, people's children, servants, family members, and everyone are selflessly dedicated and dare to take the hard battle of winning flood control and flood relief as a main battlefield for comprehensive inspection capabilities, style, and literacy. It is this strong spirit of selfless dedication and determination to fight disasters.
"People are supreme, life is supreme", it is tested both at peacetime and at critical times.
On the flood control embankment, the vast number of party members and cadres and the people's soldiers should let the people see the bright red party flag, the figure of struggle, and the voice of encouragement at any time, and use the steel dams that cannot be washed down by the flood to add luster to the party flag, and let a bright party flag fly high on the flood resistance embankment!
APEC member trade ministers meeting said it will accelerate regional economic recovery-Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Kuala Lumpur, July 25 (Reporter Lin Hao) The APEC video conference of trade ministers of APEC members was held on the 25th. The meeting promised to reduce the impact of the new crown epidemic on the regional economy and accelerate the realization of a resilient, sustainable and inclusive regional economic recovery.
The meeting was hosted by Malaysia, the organizer of this year’s APEC leaders’ informal meeting.
A joint statement issued after the meeting stated that APEC member trade ministers recognized the importance of a free, open, fair, non-discriminatory, transparent and predictable trading and investment environment at this challenging time to promote economic recovery.
All parties are committed to ensuring that the emergency measures taken in response to the epidemic are targeted, appropriate, transparent and temporary, will not create unnecessary trade barriers and disrupt the global supply chain, while complying with World Trade Organization rules.
In their statement, APEC member trade ministers promised to strengthen cooperation to promote the flow of necessary goods and services, promote interconnection through strengthening supply chain resilience, and minimize interference with the flow of medical supplies, food, and agricultural products to respond to the epidemic.
APEC member trade ministers agreed that it was necessary to discuss how to reduce non-tariff barriers restricting the trade of essential commodities and reiterated their commitment to promote the necessary cross-border movement of people without affecting the measures taken to stop the spread of the epidemic.
The meeting also issued a declaration on promoting the circulation of necessary commodities.
The declaration stated that all economies will ensure that the trade measures they have taken to respond to the epidemic are in compliance with WTO regulations, and promised to take action to reduce non-tariff trade barriers and trade promotion in order to promote the necessary commodity flow in the epidemic.
The Minister of International Trade and Industry of Malaysia, Azmin Ali, who presided over the meeting, said that despite the impact of the epidemic, Malaysia is still committed to promoting the success of this year's APEC meeting, and the work of formulating the APEC post-2020 cooperation vision is being promoted in an orderly manner.
Malaysia agrees to hold APEC related meetings in video format, but it does not rule out the possibility of arranging a physical meeting at the informal meeting of APEC leaders at the end of the year.
A total of 13 people tested positively in the Philippine Presidential Information Department
(Fighting against New Coronary Pneumonia) A total of 13 people tested positively in the Philippine Presidential Information Department
Chinanews.com, Manila, July 26 (Reporter Guan Xiangdong) The Philippine Presidential Office's Information Department (PCOO) issued a notice on the 25th that the Minister of the Ministry of Martin Andanal was tested negative for new coronary pneumonia on the 24th.
As of the afternoon of that day, PCOO had a total of 13 staff who tested positive, and three of the previous positive staff were still receiving treatment after one death.
Due to contact with an infected PCOO employee, Andanal conducted a new coronary pneumonia test with 49 PCOO employees on the 24th.
A report published on the 25th showed that 10 of the staff members tested positive.
Marvin Gatpayat, deputy minister of administrative and legal affairs of PCOO, said that the new administrative office building of the ministry in the presidential palace was originally scheduled to resume work on the 27th when President Duterte issued his fifth State of the Union address.
On the same day, Martin Andanar assured the public that PCOO continued to fulfill its responsibilities to the people of the Philippines, ensure that important information is provided to the public in a timely manner, and at the same time strengthen contact tracking and detection to avoid the further spread of the new coronary pneumonia virus among PCOO staff. He prayed for the rapid recovery of staff who tested positive.
The Philippine Ministry of Health announced that the country had newly diagnosed 2019 cases on that day, with a total of 78,412 cases, of which 50,763 cases were still suffering from disease, nearly 90% were mild, 9% were asymptomatic, and less than 1% of severe and critical cases.
France increases military investment in space
French Defense Minister Florent Parry said on the 24th that France will add hundreds of millions of euros in space defense budget and develop military space forces to prevent "unfriendly moves" that other countries may carry out in outer space.
Pali told the Provence News that day, between 2019 and 2025, the French space military project expenditure budget will increase from the previously planned 3.6 billion euros (about 4.2 billion US dollars) to 4.3 billion euros (5 billion US dollars).
According to the French Military Planning Act 2019-2025 approved by the French Parliament in 2018, France is expected to update its existing observation satellites and communication satellites, launch three electromagnetic listening satellites, and improve the modernization level of space surveillance radars.
French President Emmanuel Macron announced last July that the French Air Force will establish a space military command and "aerospace and space forces."
Pali said she will officially announce the establishment of the space force when she visits a military school in Salon, Provence.
Pali said that this space force is affiliated with the Air Force, and its establishment will reach 500 by 2025.
She said: "In the past, people thought that space served the common interests of science. This idea is gone. Space is now a place where countries compete for global hegemony."
Pali reiterated Macron's previous statement, saying that France had no intention to provoke an arms race.
"We are never in an arms race. But I have a responsibility to fully recognize the threats we may face."
Pali reiterated the surveillance of a military satellite shared by France and Italy in 2017.
She claimed that it was a Russian satellite that "voyeurized" it.
The Russian side denied this statement.
Parry said that France "will soon" have small patrol satellites that can detect and lock down "those behind unfriendly actions."
French media believes that the reason why France seeks to establish a space force is because US President Donald Trump asked the US Department of Defense to draft a law to establish a space force in February last year.
Trump signed the National Defense Authorization Act in December last year, approving the establishment of the sixth largest military service in the United States-the Space Force.
Some experts worry that these U.S. measures have accelerated the pace of US military militarization of space and may trigger a new round of space arms race.
Xinhua News Agency, Hohhot, July 26 (Reporter Jia Lijun) The reporter learned from the Yellow River Haibo Bay Water Control Bureau Administration that the Haibo Bay Water Control Center has actively resolved the No. 2 flood this year in the past few days. As of the afternoon of the 26th, the amount of upstream incoming water and the amount of water discharged from the reservoir remained the same. The monitoring data are normal and the flood is passing through the Inner Mongolia Wuhai section of the Yellow River.
In response to the flood process, the Yellow River Haibowan Water Control Project in Wuhai City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region began to reduce the water level of the reservoir gradually from 03:00 on July 23, and the discharge flow was controlled to not exceed 3,000 cubic meters per second, and the water level before the dam fell to 1071 meters to free up the flood control capacity.
At the same time, start the operation of sand control.
Over the past few days, the Yellow River Haibowan Water Control Bureau has closely monitored the development of the water regime and flood season for 24 hours, strengthened the operation of the reservoir and dam safety management, strengthened the inspection and protection of the left and right banks, important parts of the reservoir, especially the dangerous sections, to ensure the safety of the flood season.
As of 17:00 on July 26, the inflow of the Haibo Bay Water Control Project was 2760 cubic meters per second, the outflow was 2760 cubic meters per second, and the water level in front of the dam was 1071.5 meters.
At present, hydraulic structures such as sluice gate dam section, earth-rock dam section and tailwater slope are normal, and various monitoring data fluctuate within the normal range. The Yellow River's No. 2 flood this year is smoothly passing through the Wuhai section of Inner Mongolia.
Jiangxi finances 280 million yuan in emergency funds to support post-disaster relief and reconstruction
On July 24, in Hukou County, Jiujiang City, Jiangxi Province, officers and soldiers from the 71st Army of the People's Liberation Army of the local anti-flood team used the gap in preparation to help a vegetable planting cooperative in Hukou County snatch the peppers.
Affected by the previous heavy rains, hundreds of acres of red peppers planted in the cooperative were severely affected, and the loss will increase even if they are not picked in time.
China News Service reporter Photo by Tomita
China News Service Nanchang, July 26 (Yuan Rujing) The Jiangxi Provincial Department of Finance reported on the 26th that according to the work deployment and requirements of the Jiangxi Provincial Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters, the provincial financial emergency issued 280 million yuan in central and provincial disaster relief funds to provide financial guarantee for flood prevention and disaster relief.
Since July, the flood season and disaster situation in Jiangxi have escalated.
Flood and waterlogging disasters have caused a direct economic loss of 10.07 billion yuan in the agricultural and rural areas of the province, with an area of 13.169 million mu.
On July 17 and July 22, the Jiangxi Provincial Government successively issued 60 million yuan and 200 million yuan in central disaster relief funds.
At the same time, according to the changes in the disaster situation, from the province's emergency management special funds, the provincial-level disaster relief funds were distributed in three batches of 20.3 million yuan to support post-disaster relief and recovery and reconstruction.
The relevant person in charge of the Jiangxi Provincial Department of Finance said on the 26th that before the flood season, various disaster prevention and mitigation funds had been allocated 173 million yuan, to ensure early detection, early treatment, and early resolution of risk prevention, and provide financial support for flood relief.
At present, the water level of the Jiangxi section of the Yangtze River and Poyang Lake, China's largest freshwater lake, is slowly receding.
The Jiangxi Provincial Defense Index lowered the flood control emergency response to level II at 18:00 on the 24th; and adjusted the provincial disaster relief emergency response level from level II to level III.
Various work such as disaster assessment and post-disaster recovery and reconstruction will continue.
News from Kunming, China, July 25 (Du Xiaoxiao) The reporter learned from the Yunnan Provincial Department of Finance on the 25th that recently, the Yunnan Provincial Finance has strengthened fundraising and issued 20 yuan (RMB, the same below) as the provincial awards and funds for the 20 "beautiful county cities" named by the Yunnan Provincial People's Government, and each "beautiful county" received 100 million yuan in funding support.
On February 26, 2019, the Yunnan Provincial People's Government issued the "Guiding Opinions on the Construction of "Beautiful County"", making it clear that Yunnan will form a group of "beautiful county cities" with distinctive characteristics, complete functions, beautiful ecology, and livable life in the province through three years of efforts.
Currently, Yunnan has announced 20 “beautiful county towns” such as Tengchong City, Shangri-La City, Ruili City, Weishan Yi Hui Autonomous County, Ximeng Wa Autonomous County, and Pingbian Miao Autonomous County.
It is reported that this provincial award fund focuses on the three goals of "clean, livable and distinctive" construction of "beautiful county", focusing on public and public welfare projects, supporting the accelerated completion of shortcomings and weak, high-standard and high-quality construction, and effectively promoting the "beautiful county" as a popular project and a livelihood project.
The Yunnan Provincial Department of Finance will work with the Yunnan Provincial Development and Reform Commission to strengthen the supervision of provincial awards and supplementary funds, guide and urge localities to take effective measures to speed up budget execution, timely convert funds into the "beautiful county" construction effectiveness, strengthen performance and operation monitoring, and improve the efficiency and effectiveness of fund use.
On July 26 local time, the Estonian National Radio and Television reported that an Estonian Mercedes-Benz car left the driveway on the morning of the 26th near the Berlin Zoo in Germany, injuring seven people.
A rescue helicopter arrived for rescue.
The driver of the car driving into the crowd was detained by the police.
The German authorities say that an investigation has been launched and there is currently no indication that the incident was politically or religiously motivated.
Shortly thereafter, police reported that the 24-year-old driver had lost control of the vehicle when turning left and was likely to overspeed.
The person has been arrested and criminal proceedings have been filed.
Alexander Lind, chief operating officer of the Estonian Police and Border Service, said that the German police had contacted the Estonian Police and Border Service.
Linde said: "I confirm what is said in the news that the incident has no reason to suspect that it was terrorism or that it was motivated by political or religious motives."
Shaanxi: cracking down on the problem of assistance after relocation, avoiding the masses from running "on both ends"-中新网
Shaanxi: Solve the problem of assistance after relocation, avoid the masses from “running on both sides”
CCTV News: In response to the follow-up problems encountered by immigrants and relocated people in their integration into local life, Shaanxi Ankang Langao County innovated and built a "neighborhood house" based on local actual conditions, and guided the relocated villagers to transform into citizens, achieving stability, quick integration, and prosperity.
Langao County is located in the Qinba mountainous area. Nearly one-third of the local population moved out of the mountain through immigration.
The 39-year-old Chai Changjiang moved from Zhongwu Village, Yanmen Town, Langao County to Mingzhu Community in Minzhu Town.
He took the pension insurance card to the "neighborhood house" where the community is located, and finished the pension insurance for this year in less than two minutes.
Earlier this year, Langao County put all employment, civil affairs, medical insurance and other businesses under management by building a "neighborhood house", and the relocated people can handle business at their doorstep.
In the Mingzhu community, 305 residents entered the local community factory through the "neighborhood home" recruitment information.
At present, the 31 centralized resettlement sites of over 100 households in Langao County have achieved full coverage of community factories and can provide 2,598 jobs.
Report says the shared accommodation market has picked up since March
According to the report (reporter Yang Zhaokui), the China Shared Accommodation Development Report 2020 (hereinafter referred to as the "Report") released by the Sharing Economy Research Center of the National Information Center shows that in the first five months of 2020, the transaction volume of China's shared accommodation market dropped by 72.1% year-on-year.
However, the shared accommodation market has been picking up since March, and market transactions, orders and receptions have gradually recovered.
"Report" shows that the transaction volume of the shared accommodation market has fallen sharply. On the one hand, the demand for travel accommodation under the epidemic prevention has dropped sharply, and the number of orders has dropped sharply. The total number of orders in the first five months fell by 65% year-on-year, and the number of receptions fell by 63% year-on-year. On the other hand, the weak demand has also caused a significant drop in midnight prices. The average midnight price in the first five months fell by 16% year-on-year.
However, in March, April, and May, the market transaction volume increased by 78%, 199%, and 35% respectively; the number of orders increased by 141%, 152%, and 50% respectively; and the number of reception visits increased by 81%, 112%, and 28% respectively.
"Report" pointed out that the shared accommodation industry has been promising for a long time, but there are still many uncertainties in the near future.
In this regard, Yu Fengxia, deputy director of the Sharing Information Research Center of the National Information Center, told the Worker Daily that the development of shared accommodation needs stronger policy support. On the one hand, it is necessary to implement the policies that have been issued in the early stage, further strengthen policy promotion and implementation, and focus on creating a better business environment. On the other hand, it is necessary to further strengthen policy guidance and support from multiple aspects such as stimulating consumer demand, enriching the supply of tourism accommodation services, innovating service methods, and strengthening cooperation between the government and platform companies.
According to Reuters, Arcelor Mittal, the world's largest steel producer, has a new crown epidemic at a plant in Ladenas, Mexico, where 21 people have died.
According to reports, Solorio, secretary general of the local branch of the Mexican Mining and Metallurgical Workers Union, said the dead included employees of the factory, contractors and suppliers.
Solorio said that since April, 21 people have died at the factory, of which 9 are union members.
Due to strict sanitary measures taken by the factory, workers may be infected with the virus outside the factory.
According to the union, the plant has more than 7,000 employees.
As of July 25, Mexico had more than 385,000 confirmed cases and more than 40,000 deaths. Mexico is the fourth highest number of new crown deaths in the world.
China News Service, Xiamen, July 26 (Yang Fushan, Zhang Shushan, Xu Jingyi) The Chinese Vascular Surgery Center, Shanghai Changhai Hospital, Naval Military Medical University, signed a contract with the Vascular Surgery Department of Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University here on the 25th to jointly establish a collaboration center to promote exchanges and cooperation between the two parties in the field of vascular surgery, especially in the aortic and critical care field.
Zhongshan Hospital affiliated to Xiamen University said that after the vascular surgery of the two hospitals formally cooperated, they will conduct remote consultations, develop treatment plans with real-time online consultations with Changhai Hospital, select talents for further training, and jointly carry out surgical technical exchanges and teaching rounds every week. For complex cases, you can invite Changhai experts to perform operations according to the needs of patients, so that Southwestern patients can enjoy top domestic medical resources without leaving the province.
The two hospitals will also work together to carry out surgical innovation research work, aortic disease science and early screening work and so on.
A special seminar on aorta, hosted by Beijing Health Promotion Association and undertaken by Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University, was held on the same day in Xiamen.
The two well-known hospitals in Shanghai and Xiamen held the signing ceremony of the Vascular Surgery Collaboration Center at the same time and announced the formation of a collaboration unit to jointly improve the treatment of vascular surgery-related diseases in southwestern Fujian.
The Department of Vascular Surgery at Shanghai Changhai Hospital is the only vascular surgery research institute in the army and the only clinical medical center for vascular diseases in Shanghai. It is also the first national key discipline in vascular surgery. It led the establishment of the Professional Committee of Endovascular Angiology of the Chinese Medical Doctors Association, and is a top team with a deep accumulation in the industry.
Professor Huang Xiaojin, Director of Vascular Surgery, Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University, was interviewed by the media.
The Department of Vascular Surgery of Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University is the first independent department of vascular surgery in Fujian Province. It has long been committed to the diagnosis and treatment of aortic and peripheral vascular diseases. In 2018, it was approved to build a provincial key clinical specialty.
In the treatment of aortic diseases, in addition to the treatment of dissecting aneurysms and aortic aneurysms, he has extensive experience in emergency ruptured aortic aneurysms.
"The history of vascular surgery at Zhongshan Hospital affiliated to Xiamen University is outstanding in this area in terms of development history, operation breadth, difficulty, and complexity. Therefore, we have established a collaboration center this time. In addition to the aorta, we can also carry out comprehensive in-depth cooperation in medicine, teaching and scientific research in the diagnosis and treatment of diseases such as lower extremity arteries and carotid arteries."
Professor Feng Rui, Deputy Director of Vascular Surgery, Shanghai Changhai Hospital, said.
Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University and Shanghai Changhai Hospital signed a contract in 2018 to establish the "Li Zhaoshen Famous Medical Studio" in the Department of Gastroenterology.
Professor Huang Xiaojin, director of the vascular surgery department of the hospital, said in an interview with a reporter from China News that the vascular surgery department of the hospital also has a long history of exchanges with Changhai Hospital. The two hospitals formally formed a collaboration unit, bringing the two sides to a new level of cooperation.
He said that the hospital will regularly invite Shanghai experts to Xiamen to carry out surgical technical exchanges, teaching rounds, and discussion of difficult cases. At the same time, it will further conduct remote consultations. It is currently planned to conduct remote consultations once a week. In addition, the department will also choose to send personnel for training and exchanges to strengthen the cultivation and development of the subject talent team.
The reporter learned at the meeting that vascular disease is the leading cause of death in China. The aorta, as the main artery of various organs of the human body, flows from the heart to the whole body and plays an important role.
The occurrence of aortic disease is often accompanied by high risk, high mortality and high difficulty of treatment. The thickest section of the aorta has a diameter of 4 cm. Once a hemangioma is formed, a rupture occurs, or a dissection of the vascular intima ruptures, it will cause massive bleeding, which is very dangerous.
In recent years, as people's lifestyles have changed and the pace of life has accelerated, China has become the world's largest country with hypertension, and aortic diseases have also increased. Now, with the development of surgical techniques and industrial materials, the treatment of aortic diseases has continued to develop in a minimally invasive, rapid, and efficient direction.
Doctors can puncture from the thigh and place a stent in the aorta to properly "change lanes" for blood flow, thereby avoiding the impact on the aneurysm or ruptured dissection, and achieving good therapeutic effects. Some operations even require only local anesthesia.
In this academic seminar, more than ten domestic experts were invited to discuss the new progress of aortic disease treatment, and conduct cutting-edge technical training and difficult case discussions in the form of a conference salon.
The reporter learned at the meeting that with the development of surgical techniques and industrial materials, the current treatment of aortic diseases continues to develop in a minimally invasive, rapid and efficient direction.
National Defense Agency continues to maintain the Ⅱ response of the Yangtze River and Huaihe River flood control-Xinhua Net
There will be heavy rainfall from the Sichuan Basin to the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River
The National Defense Agency continues to maintain the Ⅱ response of the Yangtze River and Huaihe River flood control
The reporter learned from the emergency management department on the 25th: It is expected that by the 27th, there will be heavy rainfall in the Sichuan Basin to the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River. It is necessary to continue to pay attention to the impact on the flood conditions of the Yangtze River and the Huaihe River. Some areas of the Yangtze River and the Huaihe River Basin have been immersed for a long time at high water levels, and there is a high risk of landslides, collapses, and pipe surges.
The State Council of General Defence for Economics and Trade decided to continue to maintain the Grade II flood control response of the Yangtze and Huaihe Rivers.
The meeting of the Ministry of Water Resources on the 25th emphasized that the main stream of the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River maintains a high water level, the Huaihe River main peak passes through the Bengbu section of Anhui, and the water level of the Taihu Lake has continued to exceed the alarm for 28 days and exceed the protection for 9 days. The current flood control situation is still grim and the flood control work cannot be relaxed at all.
At the same time, it is necessary to prevent heavy rainfall in Southwest and North China.
The Ministry of Water Resources maintains Level II emergency response to flood and drought disaster prevention.
At the request of the Jiangxi Provincial Defense Office, the National Defense Office and the Ministry of Emergency Management urgently dispatched 20 sets of large-flow professional waterlogging trucks from Shandong, Jiangsu, and Zhejiang Province Fire Rescue Corps and Fujian Longyan Qiaolong Emergency Equipment Co., Ltd. to help solve the severe disasters such as urban waterlogging and farmland stains caused by heavy rainfall in Jiangxi.
On the 25th, all equipment has been delivered to the front line of Jiangxi's flood relief.
In accordance with the unified dispatch of the local government, the Fire Rescue Bureau of the Emergency Management Department Jiangxi Flood Rescue Front Command immediately arranged the Jiangxi Fire Rescue Corps and the surrounding provinces reinforcements to set up 20 waterlogging professional teams to carry out waterlogging rescue tasks in Nanchang, Jiujiang and Shangrao, Jiangxi.
At the same time, the National Defense Office and the Ministry of Emergency Management also urgently called 100 sets of trailer pumping pump stations in the central reserve for flood control materials to support the flood relief work in Jiangxi Province.
The Anhui Provincial Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters announced that from 12:00 on July 25, the relevant areas of the Yangtze River, Huaihe River and Chaohu Basin in Anhui will enter an emergency flood control period.
The Disaster Reduction Committee of Hefei City decided to upgrade the emergency response of Hefei City to Level Ⅱ at 10:00 on July 25th.
On July 25, the Sichuan Provincial Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters issued the first yellow flood warning for flood disasters this year.
The warning indicates that Dazhu County, Dazhou City, Linshui County, Guang'an City, Meizhou County, Leibo County, Mianning County, Yuexi County, Xide County, Zhaojue County, Jinyang County, Dashan County, Dazhou City, Da'an County, Da'an City, Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture are more likely to have mountain flood disasters.
In addition, Dajiang Kaijiang County, Dachuan District and many other areas may have flash floods.
The Jiangsu Provincial Department of Water Resources changed and issued the flood warning for Nanjing section of the Yangtze River at 15:30 on July 25, from a red warning to an orange warning; at 10:30, the orange warning for floods in the Jiangsu section of the Huaihe River was upgraded.
At present, there are still 29 rivers (lakes) in Jiangsu, and a total of 44 stations have exceeded the water level and exceeded the alarm.
Recently, China's Yangtze River and Huaihe River Basins have suffered floods and floods, and some affected people have moved to temporary settlements for flood control.
The personnel in the resettlement site are concentrated, the temporary fire and electricity consumption increase, and the risk of fire increases.
The Fire and Rescue Bureau of the Emergency Management Department issued a fire safety reminder for flood control resettlement sites on July 25, calling on the management unit to implement the main responsibility of fire safety. The masses should strengthen safety precautions and jointly create a good fire safety environment.
(Reported by reporters Ding Yiting, Wang Hao, Ni Yi, Yao Xueqing, You Yi, Wang Yongzhan and Zhao Beijia)
Iqiyi's "Journey" launched on July 24 also embarked on the journey of online broadcasting-Xinhuanet
Directed by Chen Desen and produced by Zheng Baorui, the action-adventure movie "Journey" starring Liu Xianhua, He Rundong, Lin Chenhan, and Jiang Luxia will be launched on July 24th.
This is also the second major production movie to choose webcasting after "Mom".
"Journey" is adapted from the online game of the same name and tells the story of Qingyi Village boy Dong Yilong and Chu Jiajun warrior Chu Soul, who embarked on the journey to participate in the selection of South Zhao Guobing Marshal Ma. On the way, they met the King Kong sister, and the three teamed up to complete their mission together.
This year is the IP15 anniversary of the game "Journey". The launch of the movie of the same name is undoubtedly a tribute to the classic game.
At the same time as the announcement, the movie "Journey" released the "National War" version of the fixed poster and the "live" pilot trailer.
The excellent picture quality presents the grand national war picture of the journey to the world, portraying the profound brotherhood of the two protagonists Dong Yilong and Chu Hun.
"Journey" chooses the overhead era to build the story background.
In the fictitious Central Plains continent, among the ten countries, the South Zhao State and the North Yan State live next to each other.
In order to defend against the increasingly powerful Beiyan, Nanzhao held a contest to select talents.
The news reached the remote Qingyuan Village. Villager Dong Yilong wanted to become the family's flag-bearer and played on behalf of the Qingyuan Village family. The villagers questioned his qualifications. After some hard work, Yilong finally embarked on a journey with the warrior Chu soul.
The total investment of the film is nearly 300 million yuan, and the proportion of all special effects lenses is as high as 80%.
As you can imagine, special effects have become one of the biggest highlights of Journey.
The post-production team of special effects is also quite promising. The special effects team MORE VFX that created "Wandering Earth" is responsible for restoring the "journey" world with imaginative visual art and top technology.
Some of the classic game scenes, Phoenix, Qingyuan Village, and Beastmaster Valley will also appear in the movie, and game players should set off a wave of nostalgia.
In addition to the special effects team, behind-the-scenes production is also a group of highly accomplished characters in the industry.
Director Chen Desen directed "October Besieged City" and "Purple Rain Storm". Producer Zheng Baorui once filmed "Breaking the Wolf 2" and "Journey to the West". The action scene is responsible for Dong Wei, the best action director of the Golden Award and the Golden Horse Award. Art director Mai Guoqiang is also the best beauty index winner of the two-time Golden Award.
Reporter Nie Qing
National Health Commission: 46 newly confirmed cases on July 25, 22 in Xinjiang and 13 in Liaoning-Economic Observation Net
According to the National Health and Health Commission, on July 25 from 0 to 24 hours, 31 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities) and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps reported 46 newly confirmed cases, including 11 imported cases (5 in Inner Mongolia, 3 in Guangdong, 1 in Tianjin, 1 in Fujian, 1 in Shandong), 35 local cases (22 in Xinjiang, 13 in Liaoning); no new deaths, 1 new case in Shanghai (1 imported cases, 2 suspected cases in Shanghai), 1 suspected case (internal), 1 suspected case (internal), 2 suspected cases (internal), 1 suspected case (internal), 2 suspected cases (inland), 1 suspected case (internal case), 1 suspected case (new case), 2 suspected cases (internal case), 1 suspected case (1 new case), 1 suspected case (1 new case), 2 suspected cases (1 case)
On the same day, 19 new cases of discharge were cured, 673 close contacts were released from medical observation, and the number of severe cases increased by 7 compared with the previous day.
There are 82 confirmed cases imported overseas (including 2 severe cases) and 3 suspected cases.
A total of 2045 confirmed cases were diagnosed, and 1963 cases were cured and discharged, with no deaths.
As of 24:00 on July 25, according to reports from 31 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities) and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps, there were 288 confirmed cases (including 18 severe cases), 78,908 cases were discharged, 4,634 deaths, 83,830 confirmed cases, and 3 suspected cases.
A total of 779,000 close contacts were tracked, and 11762 close contacts were still under medical observation.
31 provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government) and Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps reported 68 new cases of asymptomatic infections (8 imported overseas); 17 cases were confirmed as confirmed cases (without overseas import); 10 medical observations were released on the same day (7 imported overseas); 292 cases of asymptomatic infections were still under medical observation (91 imported overseas).
A total of 3,09 cases of confirmed diagnoses have been received from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan.
Among them, 2,505 cases in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (1,455 cases discharged and 18 deaths), 46 cases in the Macau Special Administrative Region (46 cases discharged), and 458 cases in Taiwan (440 cases discharged, 7 deaths).
Longest high-speed railway tunnel in the Three Gorges reservoir area
2020-07-26 17:34:48 Source: China News Network Author: Chen Haifeng Chief Editor: Chen Haifeng
The picture shows the construction site of Xiaosanxia Tunnel.
Photo courtesy of China Railway Chengdu Bureau Group Corporation
China News Service, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporter Han Lu) The reporter learned on the 26th from the China Railway Chengdu Bureau Group Co., Ltd. that the Zhengwan High-speed Railway Small Three Gorges Tunnel with a total length of about 18.9 kilometers was fully opened on that day.
It is understood that the Small Three Gorges Tunnel is not only the longest high-speed railway tunnel in the Three Gorges Reservoir area, but also the longest single-hole double-track high-speed railway tunnel with a design speed of 350 km/h in projects currently under construction in China.
Zheng Wan High-speed Railway is located in the three provinces and cities of Henan, Hubei and Chongqing. It connects the Beijing-Guangzhou and Xulan high-speed railways in the north of Zhengzhou and the Chongqing-Wan high-speed railways in Wanzhou to Chongqing. It is an important part of China's "eight vertical and eight horizontal" high-speed railway network along the river channel and Hunan channel.
The Zhengwan High-speed Railway Three Gorges Tunnel was fully opened on the 26th.
The picture shows the scene.
The Zhengwan High Speed Railway starts from Zhengzhou City, Henan Province, passes southwest through Pingdingshan City, Nanyang City, Xiangyang City, Hubei Province, and Wanzhou District, Chongqing City. The new line has a total length of about 818 kilometers, a design speed of 350 kilometers per hour, and about 184 kilometers in Chongqing.
Among them, the Zhengzhou-Xiangyang section has been opened for operation on December 1, 2019, and the Chongqing section is stepping up its construction.
The small Three Gorges Tunnel, which runs through the entire line on the 26th, is a Zhengwan high-speed rail control project. The project is located at the junction of Fengjie County and Wushan County in Chongqing City. It has a total length of about 18.9 kilometers and a maximum buried depth of 890 meters.
Construction of the tunnel began in February 2017, and it will be completed on July 26, 2020.
According to Zheng Wangjun, head of design of Zhengwan High-speed Rail Tunnel, China Railway Eryuan Engineering Group Co., Ltd., the survey and design party, the location of the small Three Gorges Tunnel is very complex, facing karst, mud-gushing water, and large deformation of soft rocks. It is a high-risk tunnel of Class I. Tunnel design and construction are extremely difficult.
"During the construction of the project, we used geological survey methods, geophysical methods, and advanced drilling methods to advance the geological prediction, and adopted special design plans for more than 30 types of karst caves. For example, a bridge with a length of 24 meters was designed and built to span a large karst cave with a length of more than 10 meters and a depth of more than 55 meters in the tunnel to avoid tunnel settlement." Wang Guojun said.
According to the introduction of the construction company, China Railway Tunnel Bureau, the construction of the tunnel was carried out by combining dredging and blocking, by building horizontal tunnels, grouting and blocking water, strengthening tunnel structural support and building sewage treatment stations, which not only ensured the orderly progress of the project, but also avoided the damage of the construction drainage to the water body of the Small Three Gorges Scenic Area, and successfully overcome 7 kilometers of unfavorable geology such as large deformation of soft rocks and 15 million cubic meters of water.
After the Zhengwan high-speed railway is completed and opened to traffic, it will become a new convenient and fast main passenger passageway from Southwest China to Central Plains, North China, and Northeast China. It will be of great significance for improving the capacity and quality of northeast railway passages in Southwest China, improving regional road network layout, accelerating the development of tourism resources and urbanization along the route, promoting regional coordinated development, and promoting the implementation of the Western Development Strategy.
Experts say it is unconstitutional to collect immigration data through the US Census for seat allocation in the House of Representatives
Some civil rights organizations and several U.S. cities and counties have sued the U.S. federal government, saying that Trump’s attempt to exclude undocumented immigrants from the U.S. census is unworkable and unconstitutional.
The US Census will determine the allocation of seats in the US House of Representatives.
Sara Brannon, executive lawyer of the American Civil Liberties Union, said to VOA, "It won't work."
She went on to say that Trump's request to determine the citizenship of the census takers in the census is difficult to achieve and "not very reliable."
Another civil liberties organization, Commonwealth, filed a lawsuit on Thursday to challenge Trump's executive order.
Some cities in New Jersey and Georgia joined the lawsuit.
Arlington County, Virginia also joined the lawsuit on Friday.
Chairman of the Board of Management of Arlington County, Gavi, said, "The US Constitution requires an accurate inventory of our population every 10 years. We must accurately count everyone living in Arlington County. This illegal attempt to scare away people and reduce the number of our immigrant communities will not succeed."
Other organizations and individuals praise President Trump's executive order.
Alabama Attorney General Marshall called the executive order a "victory" for the state.
He said, "When assigning seats to the House of Representatives and the Electoral College in each state, it must be based on the number of residents living in each state and the number of residents who are legally resident."
The US Supreme Court last year prevented the Trump administration from including citizenship issues on the 2020 census form.
President Trump signed an executive order earlier this week instructing the US Census Bureau’s Secretary of Commerce Ross to submit data on undocumented population from the census so that the executive would exclude those undocumented populations from the state’s census figures and determine whether each state would increase or decrease or maintain the number of seats in the House of Representatives.
Every 10 years, the United States redistributes seats in the House of Representatives according to demographic changes.
Heavy rains in 33 districts and counties in Chongqing start local flood control level IV emergency response
Xinhua News Agency, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporter Ke Gaoyang, Li Song) The reporter learned from the Chongqing Municipal Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters that Chongqing has ushered in a new round of heavy rainfall weather process, with heavy rains falling in 33 districts and counties, and over-warning water level floods in four small and medium-sized rivers.
According to the monitoring of the Chongqing Municipal Hydrological Monitoring Station, from 8:00 on the 25th to 8:00 on the 26th, heavy rains ushered in most regions of Chongqing, and heavy rains occurred in 33 districts and counties including Jiangjin, Qijiang, and Wulong. Among them, 16 districts and counties such as Wanzhou, Yunyang, and Nanchuan experienced heavy rains.
The largest daily rainfall occurred in Longshan Village, Jinshan Town, Nanchuan, at 197.5 mm.
Affected by heavy rainfall, four sub-small and medium-sized rivers such as Donzi Creek in Jiangjin District, Youjiang River in Fuling District, Yingyang River in Kaizhou District, and Tuantan River in Yunyang County have exceeded the warning level and the water level is still rising.
Heavy rainfall also led to landslides in Liujing Village, Land Township, Wulong District, which interrupted the passage of the village road. The landslide body slipped into the tributary of the Wujiang River along the Canghe River, blocking the channel to form a dammed lake. The local people have been urgently organized to transfer downstream people.
In response to the heavy rain, the Chongqing Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters issued River Flood III warning information at 13 o'clock on the 26th, and started the flood prevention Level IV emergency response, requiring relevant districts, counties and units to strengthen patrol duty, promptly mobilize emergency rescue teams and materials, and evacuate and transfer the people in threatened areas.
Promoting the construction of industrial projects in response to the trend-Viewpoint-Hunan Daily-Huasheng Online
In the midsummer of Hunan, the heat wave pours.
The enthusiasm released by the provincial industry project construction promotion on-site observation meeting overcame the scorching summer heat, and the clear direction of "comparing strength with industry and project heroes" encouraged Sanxiang Sishui.
The development of Hunan always depends on the construction of projects and the cultivation of industries.
In the face of the extremely unusual first half of the year, under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core, the whole province insisted on a game of chess and went all out to fight the two tough battles of epidemic prevention and flood control, and regarded industrial projects as the "first movers" to implement the "six stability" and "six guarantees."
From the first quarter GDP fell 1.9% year-on-year, to the first half year-on-year growth of 1.3%, the difficulty during this period, the huge effort, it goes without saying.
On this extremely precious transcript, the construction of industrial projects is the key support for Hunan to accelerate economic recovery and improve its stability.
The trend is irreversible.
The construction of industrial projects must be put into the overall situation, not only good at accumulating, accumulating and seeking, but also good at recognizing change, seeking change and adapting.
Against the backdrop of the complex and severe current international situation, in addition to the painstaking efforts to attract investment, it is also necessary to calm down to study the current new situation and new characteristics, to better grasp the law, more scientific and accurate, and better integrate into the new development pattern that takes the domestic major cycle as the main body and the domestic and international dual cycles promote each other.
Pay more attention to improving industrial basic capabilities.
In the first half of the year, not only did a large number of emerging industry heavyweight investment projects break ground and sow hope, but also traditionally advantageous industrial enterprises accelerated their deployment in the digital, intelligent, and green industrial transformation.
The project of Yiyang Aoshikang Third Science Park transforms the existing production line, and the high-end printed circuit board intelligent production line seizes the opportunity; the new plant of Hunan Zhongyan Changde Cigarette Factory is committed to intelligent transformation and the construction of a modern factory. It is also a vivid portrayal of the "old tree sprouts..." Around the country’s major strategy and the "two new and one important", we must consolidate and enhance the advantages of the industry.
Pay more attention to the cultivation and development of a new economy, new format and new model.
The sudden new epidemic has brought the “cloud economy” into popularity, stimulated the potential of the digital economy, and provided new opportunities for industrial transformation: In the first half of the year, the province’s computer and office equipment manufacturing, electronics and communications equipment manufacturing increased by 12.6%, online retail sales of wholesale and retail enterprises above the designated size increased by 32.2% year-on-year, and online dining expenses of restaurant companies increased by 35.6% year-on-year.
It is the general trend to educate new opportunities in the crisis and to open new horizons in a changing situation, actively promote digital industrialization and industrial digitization, and guide the integrated development of the digital economy and the real economy.
Pay more attention to optimize and stabilize the supply chain of the industrial chain.
Construction machinery is the main force of Hunan industry, but two-thirds of the supporting enterprises are outside the province, and there is still room and potential in the supporting chain.
To strengthen industry chain thinking and grasp projects, not only must the head companies continue to accumulate and achieve technological breakthroughs in key links of the industry chain; they also need to concentrate on cultivating all over the world to stimulate the "chain" lock response with strong chains to supplement the chain and extend the chain, promote the coordinated layout of related supporting industries, and accelerate the construction of an independent, controllable, safe and reliable industrial chain supply chain.
Hunan is still a hot spot and a happy land for a good business environment and the emergence of business opportunities in the market.
Frequent, new, and actual moves were made throughout the province, thinking that the “burden reduction” of the company’s bail-out gave birth to an “acceleration” of high-quality development; Shaoyang implemented a “shareholder-style” service, which did not evade the company’s affairs, did not discount the policy, and did not solve the problem overnight. In the process of recovering from the losses caused by the epidemic, various attempts were made to find short-term pain points and make the story a real opportunity.
A thoughtful study of the industry, cultivation of the industry, development of the industry, and a solid optimization of the business environment will surely win the favor of more investors.
The wind and waves ahead are still there, but the situation of riding the wind and waves has become the normal state of the province to grasp the construction of industrial projects and promote high-quality development.
During this critical period, we must study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important instructions and instructions, respond effectively to external uncertainties with the certainty of our work, persevere in the promotion of industrial project construction, share enthusiasm and sweat together, and ensure the successful completion of the "13th Five-Year Plan" and the comprehensive construction of a well-off society.
Moroccan Navy intercepts a batch of cannabis products in the Mediterranean
Xinhua News Agency, Rabat, July 26 (Reporter Chen Binjie) According to Moroccan media reports on the 26th, the Coast Guard, which belongs to the Moroccan Navy, intercepted a batch of cannabis products in the Mediterranean that day, with a total weight of more than 1 ton.
The official news agency of Morocco quoted military sources as saying that the Moroccan Coast Guard intercepted a speedboat suspected of smuggling cannabis products while patrolling the Mediterranean in the same day. The suspect threw the cannabis products on board into the sea before being arrested, and the Coast Guard subsequently recovered them.
The report said that the Moroccan Coast Guard has transferred the suspect and the batch of cannabis products to the relevant departments.
The Moroccan judiciary is investigating the case further.
Cultivate new business forms and open up new employment space
New employment methods are constantly emerging, opening up new employment space, and a number of innovative service policies have been launched successively to help new employment forms thrive.
According to the latest data from the National Bureau of Statistics, the unemployment rate in the national urban survey in June was 5.7%, a decrease of 0.2 percentage points from May.
This is also the two consecutive declines in the unemployment rate in urban surveys across the country since April. Behind the monthly decline in unemployment rate data are new employment opportunities that are constantly emerging in new formats.
Now the monthly salary of more than 5000, coupled with the freshness of embracing information technology, makes Guo Mei more and more energetic.
At the innovation incubation base of the Shanxi Comprehensive Transformation and Reform Demonstration Zone, there are more than 2,300 data annotators.
Not only are data annotators, but this year, the country has also defined 25 occupations such as nucleic acid detectors and online learning service divisions as new occupations, developed vocational skill standards, and launched skills training programs to support the development of practitioners.
In response to new employment methods and new entrepreneurial paths, the country is also innovating employment services.
Recently, 13 departments such as the National Development and Reform Commission jointly issued the "Opinions on Supporting the Healthy Development of New Businesses and New Models and Activating the Consumer Market to Promote Employment Expansion" to provide diverse employment opportunities for workers.
Multiple departments will jointly cultivate new individuals in the market to further reduce the cost of online entrepreneurship and employment for individual operators; to make new format practitioners more secure, and rights and interests and social security policies for flexible employment will be introduced one after another.
Tunisian President nominates new prime minister-Xinhuanet
Xinhua News Agency, Tunisia, July 25 (Reporter Huang Ling) The Tunisian Presidential Palace announced on the 25th that President Said nominated the caretaker government’s interior minister Hisham Mehish as the new prime minister.
The announcement said that according to the Constitution, Mehish should complete the cabinet formation within one month and submit the new government composition list to Parliament for approval.
The formation of the new government must be supported by more than half of the 217 members of Parliament.
Mehish was born in 1974 and holds a master's degree in law and management. He was appointed Minister of the Interior in February this year.
On July 15, Tunisian Prime Minister Fahfah proposed to resign and was approved by the President.
Earlier, the Tunisian parliament’s largest party, the Baath Party, withdrew its support for the Fahfah government, causing the government to lack sufficient support in the parliament.
Employment and prices are generally stable, showing that the economy has a "temperature"-China News
2020-07-26 07:01:37 Source: Economic Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Editor in charge: Wang Sishuo
Employment and prices are generally stable, showing that the economy has "temperature"
Economic Daily · China Economic Net reporter Lin Huocan
In the first half of this year, in the face of the impact of the New Coronary Pneumonia epidemic, China coordinated efforts to promote epidemic prevention and control and economic and social development. The epidemic prevention and control situation continued to improve. The economy was steadily recovering. The employment and price performance that were closely related to people's livelihood were generally stable. The Chinese economy handed over a warm economic performance report.
In the first two months of this year, the surveyed unemployment rate has increased.
Especially in February, the production and operation activities of many enterprises are basically in a state of suspension of work and production. The demand for employment of enterprises has been reduced, recruitment has been delayed or cancelled, and the unemployment rate in urban surveys has increased.
With the gradual improvement of the epidemic prevention and control situation, the order of production and life in the whole society has been continuously restored.
The Party Central Committee adheres to the general tone of steady progress, further increases the hedging of macro policies, comprehensively strengthens the employment priority policy, and actively promotes the assistance of enterprises to stabilize jobs and expand employment.
China has increased policy hedging and stabilizing jobs, played a combination of “relief and relief” policies, periodically reduced the payment of three social insurance units, allowed deferred payment of social insurance premiums, expanded the return of unemployment insurance for small and medium-sized enterprises, stabilized job-based training, and provided employment subsidies and trainee subsidies for the employment of key groups by enterprises.
With the detailed implementation of various employment-stable policies, the demand for employment of enterprises has steadily rebounded, the employment situation has gradually improved, and the unemployment rate in urban surveys has gradually declined. In June, the surveyed unemployment rate was 5.7%.
Zhang Yi, director of the Department of Demographic and Employment Statistics of the National Bureau of Statistics, said that in the second quarter, various employment policies continued to take effect, and the labor force that withdrew due to the epidemic situation returned one after another. The urban labor force participation rate in June increased by about 10 percentage points from February, which was close to the same period last year.
Statistics show that the total urban employment in June increased by more than 19% compared with February, and most industries reached the pre-epidemic level; the average weekly working hours of employees in enterprises reached 46.8 hours, an increase of 6.6 hours from February and a slight increase of 0.1 hour from January.
Prices also affect thousands of households.
In January this year, the CPI rose by 5.4% year-on-year, setting a new high for many years.
In February, the year-on-year increase in CPI declined slightly, but it was still in the "5 range".
The year-on-year growth rate of CPI is at a high level. There are factors that drive consumer demand before the Spring Festival, as well as factors such as the wrong month of the Spring Festival and a low year-on-year base.
However, the impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic on prices is particularly obvious.
Affected by the prevention and control of the epidemic, delays in logistics, untimely supply of materials, and increase in the cost of materials transportation have occurred in all parts of the country in January and February. In addition, some citizens have hoarded and bought, and the prices of some necessities have risen significantly.
In order to cope with the disturbance caused by the epidemic prevention and control to the price situation, relevant departments have included important daily supplies into the scope of emergency transportation guarantee to ensure the smooth transportation of supplies.
Under the influence of a series of policy measures, the supply of vegetables and fruits has been effectively guaranteed.
In response to the rapid rise in pork prices at the beginning of this year, after the central government issued a policy of guaranteeing supply and stabilizing prices, various regions and departments quickly implemented it. The supply and supply of pork reserves improved significantly, the production capacity of pigs was restored in an orderly manner, and the order of production and sales gradually became normal.
Since March, pork prices have continued to decline. In May, food prices rose to 10.6% year-on-year. In June, pork prices rose slightly month-on-month due to factors such as slower slaughter of hogs, reduced imports, and a rebound in consumer demand for groups.
The seasonal characteristics of fresh vegetable prices are obvious, with an average increase of 3.4% in the first half of the year.
Affected by the high base of comparison in the same period last year, the price of fresh fruit continued to decline year-on-year, with an average decrease of 13.3% in the first half of the year.
The basic life of the masses is effectively guaranteed, and the overall economic and social situation remains stable and orderly.
With the gradual recovery of transportation and logistics, various regions have increased their supply guarantees, and the market supply and demand situation has improved.
Since March, the CPI has declined for four consecutive months, and the year-on-year increase has also dropped from 4.3% in March to 2.5% in June, and the price level has generally returned to a stable level.
In the second half of the year, China's prices will continue to maintain a moderate level, and the overall inflation pressure is not large, but it is still necessary to promote the restoration of production and living order on the premise of normalization of epidemic prevention and control.
Effectively respond to natural disasters such as floods and droughts in the main production areas of agricultural products such as grains, fruits and vegetables, strengthen market supervision, and resolutely crack down on hoarding of prices and price hikes that disrupt market order.
Ma Yun was summoned by the Indian court?
Ali: Official online response to non-Ali issue
Ali: The "official response" sent by the non-Ali side
Sino-Singapore Jingwei client, July 26th, on the afternoon of the 26th, foreign media reported that a court in the Indian capital of New Delhi summoned UC India, Alibaba founder Jack Ma, and a dozen other company executives for a former employee lawsuit.
In this regard, Wang Shuai, chairman of the Alibaba Market Public Relations Committee, made a humorous message in the circle of friends, saying that UC India is processing according to the process, but as for Ma Yun himself, Wang Shuai said: "I don't know.
After he retired, it was getting harder and harder to find... I have been looking for a day...tonight I will go to the HHB bar to find it."
In addition, Ali confirmed to the Sino-Singapore Jingwei client that the so-called Ali official response from the Internet has been “UC has been firmly committed to serving the Indian market and protecting the welfare of local employees, and the policy is consistent with local laws.
Because this matter is still in trial, no further comment can be made on this issue."
It was not issued by Ali.
McDonald's: Over 14,000 stores across the United States will require customers to wear masks
In response to the new Coronary Pneumonia epidemic, McDonald's issued a statement on the 24th that McDonald's stores in the United States will require customers to wear masks from August 1st, and will provide masks to guests who do not carry them at the entrance.
According to the National Public Radio (NPR) reported on the 24th, McDonald's has more than 14,000 stores in the United States.
McDonald's revealed to the media that customers who do not want to wear masks will be directed to take-out points that keep a safe distance from other customers.
In addition, McDonald's dining hall dining area will also add protective plates to maintain social isolation.
McDonald's has therefore introduced new rules for wearing masks to respond to customers who are unwilling to cooperate.
More than 50 repertoires will be launched one after another, Beijing Performance Group is ready for the resumption of theater-Xinhuanet
As Beijing's emergency public health emergency response level was adjusted from second level to third level, Beijing's business cultural venues ushered in the current limit and reopened.
Beijing Performing Arts Group has revealed that it has made full preparations for the opening of the theater, and more than 50 plays will be prepared to appear one after another.
Today, Beijing Performance Group's online performance brand, Beijing Performance Theater, will also be online.
During the epidemic, the hospitals under the Beijing Performing Arts Group "stop performing non-stop "arts" and stop working non-stop "gong" to reserve masterpieces.
The Chinese Acrobatic Troupe will launch three brand-new plays, "Phantom of the Acrobatics", "Treasure of the World" and "Dream of the Future Star", which combines wonderful tricks and acrobatic performances such as ball skills, ballet opponents' tops, umbrellas, single shots, comics, diabolo and geosphere.
The performance season of "65 Years of Brilliant History, Qinglian Yayun Creates Brilliance Again" will also be kicked off at the China Appraisal Theatre. The three generations of old, Chinese, and young actors will perform on stage together to witness and celebrate the glorious moment of the 65th anniversary of the establishment of the institute.
It is reported that the China Review Theatre currently has 30 major drama reserves and 14 out-of-pocket plays, including "Flower as the Media", "Mother", "Good Night", "Tibetan Rainbow", "Unparalleled Biography", "Xin Ting Tears" and so on.
The Beijing Children's Art Theater and the Chinese Puppet Theater, which are loved by small audiences, have also come up with the "housekeeping" skills, waiting to meet with children again.
The Chinese Puppet Theater is preparing for a large original puppet show "The Great Wall" and a large cartoon stage play "Panda and Little Mole Garbage Sorting Environmental Guard".
The long-awaited small theater drama "Fourteen Days" of Beijing Children's Art Theatre has completed the script creation and began to enter the rehearsal stage. It is scheduled to premiere at the end of August; the classic IP play "You Look Like Delicious" will be toured in 12 cities from October to December.
The Beijing Opera and Dance Theatre is also systematically rehearsing 10 classic small dances including "Dream of Dreams" and "Wanma Pentium" and classic songs such as "Song of the New Era", "Beijing Love" and "Bridge of Love".
It is worth mentioning that the annual masterpiece of Beijing Performance Group, to be staged at the end of the year-the musical "In the Distance" is also well organized for rehearsal work.
Beijing National Orchestra, Beijing Bangzi Theatre Company, Beijing Opera Troupe and Beijing Opera Troupe also have many good works waiting for the "Day of Theater Opening".
Following the launch of the first online performance season in May, Beijing Performance Group has integrated the online performance brand "Beijing Performance Theater" created by the integration of high-quality performing arts resources of its nine academic groups.
The Beijing Performance Theater aims to create the most complete all-weather network theater in the art category, including the "Online Huimin Performance Season" with excellent and classic programs of the academy, as well as "Famous Tricks·Classic Playback", "Cloud Micro Classroom", "Beijing Performance with Drama, Accompanying Friday" and other different sections.
Today, the Beijing National Orchestra will be the first "guest" to appear in the Beijing Performance Theatre, bringing a "Guo Chao" barrage concert full of creativity and feelings to the audience.
All departments actively implement flood control measures to ensure transportation safety
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Fan Xi) Since the beginning of summer, many places in our country have been hit by heavy rainfall.
In order to do a good job in flood prevention and transportation safety in summer transportation, various departments adhere to their posts, strengthen the investigation and rectification of hidden dangers, strengthen emergency treatment, and fully implement various flood prevention measures.
According to the latest statistics from China National Railway Group Co., Ltd., the railway department has dispatched more than 280,000 inspectors, inspecting more than 90,000 bridges, more than 17,000 tunnels, and more than 240,000 culverts.
Since July 1, the nation's main railway lines and freight lanes have remained safe and unobstructed, and the overall transportation order is good. The cross-railway direct passenger train departure, operation, and arrival punctuality rates have reached 97.7%, 87.1%, and 86.8%, respectively.
The dispatching office of China Railway Nanchang Bureau Group Co., Ltd. strengthened emergency handling, and designated a special person to dynamically track and master the storage and storage of flood control equipment and road materials. In case of sudden disasters and failures, it will quickly inform the information and start emergency response.
Recently, in the face of heavy rains that caused a dammed lake upstream to cause safety threats to the Qinghai Bridge of the Yiwan Railway, China Railway Wuhan Bureau Group Co., Ltd. Yichang Comprehensive Maintenance Section organized professional and technical personnel to monitor the Qingjiang Bridge 24 hours a day, and established a 24/7 communication mechanism with the local emergency department to timely grasp and deal with hidden dangers.
In order to ensure the safety of electricity for transportation in summer, the State Grid Qingdao Jimo District Power Supply Company combined with the weather characteristics of the flood season, worked closely with the local meteorology and railway departments, strengthened the inspection and hidden trouble investigation of railway power supply lines and facilities within the jurisdiction, and strengthened the emergency treatment of landslides, collapses, debris flows and other related accidents in the line corridors.
In order to further improve the work of flood prevention and typhoon prevention, Eastern Airlines Technology Co., Ltd. established an emergency rescue reserve team, carried out flood prevention and disaster prevention knowledge training, and formulated flight plans based on daily weather and typhoon warnings, and prepared for the parking of aircraft in coastal areas before the operation recovery and related emergency plans.
New book breaking news: Prince Harry feels that his brother is "snobby and arrogant"
The British "The Times" and "The Sunday Times" serialized a new book called "Finding Freedom" (Finding Freedom), which depicts the royal life of Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle.
But Reuters reported that Harry and Meghan had clarified their relationship with the book, saying that they had not been interviewed by the author or provided any content.
The Sunday Times reported that the new book quoted sources as saying that when Harry and Megan were dating before marriage, Prince William wanted to confirm whether Megan, who was originally a Hollywood actress, had any ulterior motives for Harry.
According to sources, William said to Harry at the time: "Don't feel the need to rush (to marry Megan).
You can spend as much time as possible to get to know this girl."
The report said that when Harry heard William describe Meghan as "this girl", he felt arrogant snobbery from his brother's tone, and he also thought he no longer needed others to take care of the reminder.
Harry and Meghan announced in January that they plan to live a more independent life and will support themselves.
After the two officially removed their status as high-ranking members of the royal family in March, they currently live with their son Archie in Los Angeles, USA, to pursue a new career.
Harry and Meghan married in May 2018.
At that time, the marriage was regarded as injecting the glory and new era of Hollywood into the British royal family, and the two became one of the most high-profile celebrity couples in the world.
Bring an umbrella!
Today's rainwater in Beijing came to "blow down", the highest temperature dropped to 29 ℃-Xinhua
Today (July 26), rain will come to the capital again, and the maximum temperature will drop to 29℃, reminding the public to take rain gear and traffic safety when going out.
Yesterday, there were more clouds in the sky in Beijing. In the afternoon, the maximum temperature in most areas of the city exceeded 33°C, and the humidity increased compared with the previous few days, and the sense of sultry increased.
With the arrival of cold air, rain will come to the capital again.
It is estimated that during the day, Beijing will be cloudy and cloudy with scattered showers (with weak lightning). The south wind has two or three rooms with a level 4 and a maximum temperature of 29°C. At night, there will be light to moderate rain (with weak lightning).
Tomorrow, there will still be thunderstorms in Beijing, with a maximum temperature of 30°C.
Experts reminded that there are more and more rainy weather today and tomorrow, you need to bring rain gear when going out, pay attention to lightning protection and traffic safety, try to avoid mountain activities and prevent geological disasters.
Heilongjiang launches special action to clean up and rectify fraudulent use of well-known hospital names
In recent years, the names of some medical institutions have become irregular and unsuitable. Unauthorized use of the names of well-known medical institutions without legal authorization has led to misleading people.
After inquiring about the national enterprise credit information publicity system, some of the names of registered medical institutions in Heilongjiang Province appeared “Xiehe” and other well-known medical institutions, and used the name of “Xiehe” and other well-known hospitals to conduct operations abroad, disrupting the normal medical order and causing bad social impact.
At the same time, we will use this as an opportunity to carry out various forms of law popularization campaigns to raise market participants' sense of responsibility, awareness of legal rights protection, and law-abiding business awareness.
Through unblocked complaint reporting channels, a number of typical cases with bad influence were exposed to the public, forming a deterrent effect.
30 e-sports projects settled, Shanghai Pudong expands online new economy "new track"-Xinhua
Xinhua News Agency, Shanghai, July 25 (Reporter Teng Jiani) On the 24th, 30 key e-sports projects landed in the Pudong New District of Shanghai, covering all categories of e-sports industry development from venues, events to enterprises. It is expected to drive the regional e-sports game industry to add 10 billion yuan in revenue.
The digital cultural industry represented by e-sports games will become the new growth point of Pudong Online's new economy, helping Shanghai to build a global e-sports capital.
In terms of e-sports venues, on the basis of the existing top-level event venues such as the Meiben Cultural Center and the Oriental Sports Center, a new batch of venues including Pudong Football Stadium, cultural and sports fusion venue, professional e-sports space Senlan e-sports venue and Dongchang Yi Space have been confirmed to land in Pudong.
Wang Haisong, general manager of Shanghai Waigaoqiao Group Senlan Land told reporters that Senlan E-sports Arena can accommodate 1,000 people in an indoor stadium of about 1500 square meters. It is currently under construction. It is expected that the competition will be introduced in March next year. A 120,000-square-meter green park will be built next to the e-sports venue.
As for the e-sports supporting industry, Pudong has made efforts to improve the layout of the industrial chain.
Netease Dragons and other world champion teams settled at the signing event, and the country's only game e-sports TV digital channel-the game Fengyun moved to Pudong.
In terms of competitions, Pudong actively strives for the landing of top international and domestic competitions to create a non-closing esports season.
A number of e-sports events such as the 2020 Peace Elite International Champions Cup and La Liga E-sports were announced to be held in Pudong.
In terms of enterprises, Pudong focuses on promoting the landing of head enterprises.
For example, Nayuan Information plans to launch dozens of game products in Pudong, NetEase Blizzard, Perfect World, Shengqu Games, etc. will also actively launch new projects and strive to form tens of billions of revenues.
Statistics show that Pudong's current e-sports game industry accounts for one-third of Shanghai's.
A group of top gaming companies such as Tencent and NetEase landed in Pudong. A number of top-level events such as the TI9 and King Glory Winter Games were held in Pudong. Pudong is becoming the "strong heart" of the development of Shanghai's e-sports industry.
The accumulation of high-quality e-sports industry in Pudong also requires the support of relevant policies.
Recently, the China Game Industry Research Institute landed in Pudong to formulate high standards and specifications for the industry.
The Pudong Qunxing Vocational School was awarded the "Shanghai Pilot School of Vocational Education E-sports", laying the foundation for the cultivation of talents in the e-sports industry.
The registration system of e-sports athletes took the lead in Pudong to further improve the professionalism of e-sports players.
Huang Wei, Director of the Culture, Sports and Tourism Bureau of Pudong New Area, said that around the goal of Shanghai to build a "global e-sports capital", Pudong proposed to build a "Shanghai e-sports industry development core functional zone."
Next, Pudong will continue to focus on key events and key enterprises, accelerate development and form an industrial chain.
Utilizing the policies of the Shanghai Free Trade Pilot Zone, to advance the overall development of the e-sports industry, first try, explore and innovate, and form a replicable and expandable experience.
Capital Theatre welcomes the first audience after the epidemic tomorrow-Xinhua
Beijing Renyi will release the script of the classic "Death of the Salesman" at 2 pm tomorrow, and will welcome a long-lost audience at the Capital Theatre.
Under the premise of "adherence to normal control, orderly opening, and reservation flow limitation", Beijing Renyi will strictly implement personnel reservation flow limitation measures to ensure that the total number of audience does not exceed 30% of the number of theater seats, and ensure that the audience sits and maintains a distance of more than 1 meter.
At the same time, the theater has also made adequate preparations for daily duty, cleaning and disinfection, testing and registration, garbage cleaning, site inspection, and safety management.
This event is only open to telephone reservations for the audience holding the physical membership card of the Friends of Arts Association. Due to the current limit requirement, each person can only reserve one ticket, until the reservation is full.
Tickets are drawn up and entered at the event with real names. On the day of the performance, the ticket holder must hold the original ID card and performance ticket, wear a mask, and keep an orderly ticket inspection at an interval of more than 1 meter.
Masks must be worn at all times during the performance and try to avoid direct conversation.
"Death of the Salesman" is a representative work of the famous screenwriter Arthur Miller. Since its creation in 1949, it has gained wide popularity worldwide.
In the 1980s, under the mediation of Ying Ruocheng and others, Arthur Miller came to China and rehearsed his work for Beijing Human Arts.
This script reading is composed entirely of young performers of Beijing actor and artist. After two weeks of rehearsal under the direction of director Tang Ye, each of them created character biographies in order to analyze the characters in depth, with the hope that after nearly 40 years, this realist drama masterpiece will regain its charm.
Today, the opening ceremony of the 2020 Hunan Red Tourism Culture Festival and the first Xiangtan Red Culture Industry Expo in Xiangtan will be held in Shaoshan.
Provincial Party Committee Standing Committee and Provincial Party Committee Propaganda Department Minister Zhang Hongsen announced the opening of the Red Tourism Culture Festival, and Vice Governor Wu Guiying delivered a speech.
Hunan Red Tourism Culture Festival has been successfully held for 16 sessions and is a well-known brand of red tourism in the country.
This festival is co-sponsored by the Propaganda Department of the Provincial Party Committee, the Provincial Department of Culture and Tourism, and the Xiangtan Municipal Party Committee and Municipal Government.
Wu Guiying said that the holding of this festival is of great significance for implementing the important instructions of General Secretary Jinping "to make good use of red resources, carry forward the red tradition, and inherit the red genes", further grasp the development of our province's red tourism, promote the recovery of the cultural tourism market, and allow the "red power" to condense into a comprehensive force for the construction of a rich, beautiful, and happy new Hunan.
It will certainly play a more active role in promoting the red culture, inheriting the red spirit, stimulating the consumption of cultural tourism, and promoting the high-quality development of Hunan cultural tourism.
At the opening ceremony, the two events of "Red Moving Xianggan • Praise China" Red Dance Invitational Tournament, "Re-walking the Long March, Crossing the Hunan-Gan Border" were launched at the same time.
During the festival, the Xiangtan Industrial Project Investment Promotion and Signing Ceremony, the Red Tourism Five Best Explainers Forum and Red Education Training Seminar, the Red Wisdom Cultural Tourism Experience Exhibition and New Technology Sharing, the Hunan Xiangge Song Invitational Tournament of "Xiangsu Water Origin, Culture Same Root" and other activities will also be held.
During the opening ceremony, leaders and guests such as Zhang Hongsen and Wu Guiying went to the live tour of the first Red Culture Industry Expo in Xiangtan and watched the live performance of "China has a Mao Zedong".
"Haihai Live Broadcasting Room" near Qinghai Lake: "Sweetness" Brings Goods to Help Farmers Increase Income
2020-07-26 19:43:50 Source: China News Network Author: Su Yiyu Editor in charge: Su Yiyu
The picture shows that Wu Na (left), president of Beijing Houdeli Bee Industry Co., Ltd., promotes Qinghai bee products.
Photo by Ma Mingyan
China News Service, Qinghai, Hainan, July 26th, Title: "Huahai Live Broadcasting Room" by the Qinghai Lake: "Sweetness" Bringing Goods to Help Farmers Increase Income
Author Hu Guilong Pan Yujie
“In the middle of summer, Qinghai Lake is full of golden flowers and ten thousand bees flying around. The altitude is high, the temperature difference between day and night is large, and there is little air pollution. The strong light has bred the most tenacious and generous bee colony, creating the characteristics of high activity, high protein, rich nutritional value, low sugar and low fat of Qinghai royal jelly.”
On the 26th, Zhang Jianxun, deputy director of the Industry and Information Administration of the Hainan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture of Qinghai Province, said.
On the same day, the live broadcast of bee products of the "Concentric Warfare, Spring Pulp to Help Farmers" was held on the banks of Qinghai Lake. Representatives from China Bee Products Association and entrepreneurs, beekeepers and other parties gathered to jointly promote Qinghai specialty bee products. A total of nearly 10,000 bottles of Qinghai Plateau Royal Jelly were sold online and offline, with a total amount of nearly 3.8 million yuan.
The picture shows the beekeeper on-site display of bee products.
It is reported that this live broadcast and delivery activity has facilitated the exchange and cooperation of "enterprise   beekeeper   grower" with the help of domestic well-known bee product retail companies, live broadcast and e-commerce platforms such as Beijing Houdeli Bee Chain Store Network, Kuaishou, Taobao, etc., and continued to issue "Qinghai Plateau Spring Pulp Consumer Vouchers" to consumers through online and offline channels. It is expected that the company will make a total profit of nearly 5.28 million yuan throughout the year.
In this regard, Wu Na, President of Beijing Houdeli Bee Industry Co., Ltd., believes that it is "worthy": "This move can expand the popularity of Qinghai bee products, attract more consumers to understand and like no-addition natural bee products, and drive beekeepers to increase revenue."
At present, the company has signed a production cooperation strategic agreement with Qinghai Yunbee Industry Co., Ltd. and Qinghai Huabao Bee Industry Cooperative Company to jointly promote the development of the local bee industry in Qinghai.
The picture shows the sea of rapeseed by the Qinghai Lake.
This spring, due to the need for epidemic prevention and control of roads throughout the country, beekeepers have been blocked from chasing flowers and honey. Many bees have died because they missed the flowering period and lack of food, and the income of beekeepers has been seriously affected.
"All year round, the beekeepers travelled long distances from Yunnan and Sichuan all the way to the northwest region. They lived and lived in nowhere, and they were very hard.
As businesses, we have a responsibility to help them."
Wu Na said.
"Little bees are'environmental scouts', and bees cannot survive in polluted areas." Zhao Xiaochuan, executive vice president of China Bee Products Association, said that bee pollination is an important link in the ecological chain and has an irreplaceable role in protecting plant diversity and improving the ecological environment.
At the same time, bee pollination can increase the yield and quality of crops, especially in areas with wide varieties and poor management conditions, pollination is more meaningful.
Research data show that pollination can increase rapeseed production by about 15%-30%.
The picture shows the executive vice president of China Bee Products Association Zhao Xiaochuan (right) recommending Qinghai bee products.
"The economic, ecological, and social benefits created by bee pollination are far greater than the value of bee products. The bee industry has great potential in human health, crop production, vegetation reproduction, and ecological protection, and people have little knowledge about this."
Zhao Xiaochuan said.
Nowadays, the number of beekeepers is decreasing. In addition to the beekeepers who have been around for many years, there are still many poor households with limited mobility who choose to use beehives to invest in cooperatives.
"The country has financial support. We contacted technical staff for guidance. Beekeepers lacked understanding and judgment about the market environment. To open the market, the government and enterprises and industry associations also needed help and coordination."
Zhao Xiaochuan said.
"I hope everyone will pay more attention to and help the beekeeping community in the future," Wu Na said. "Our bee products are also strictly screened and controlled in accordance with national standards to ensure quality and help beekeepers while protecting consumer rights."
Affected by the continuous rainfall, since July 22, the soil at the trailing edge of the Zhongbao Formation landslide in the Liujing Village, Wujing District, Wulong District, Chongqing has cracked, and a large area of sliding deformation has occurred, completely blocking the Canghe River, forming a dam with a water level of 13 meters in front of the dam and an estimated water capacity of about 550,000 cubic meters.
In order to ensure the safety of navigation, Chongqing Maritime Department decided to implement temporary traffic control on the waters from Shipan to Guanyintan in the Yangtze River.
According to the monitoring of the Chongqing Meteorological and Hydrological Department, from the 25th, mid-western and northeastern regions of Chongqing generally experienced moderate to heavy rains, heavy rains in some areas, and local heavy rains.
Fujiang Xiaoheba Station will have the highest water level on the evening of the 26th. The highest water level is close to the warning water level.
In order to ensure the safety of navigation, Chongqing Maritime Department decided to implement temporary traffic control on the waters from Shipan to Guanyintan in the Yangtze River.
After an emergency consultation between Chongqing Municipal Office of Meteorology, Meteorology, Water Conservancy, Hydrology and other departments and units, the Chongqing Flood Control and Drought Relief Command decided to release level III warning information for river floods and initiate level IV emergency response.
The Chongqing Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters requires that Chongqing Jiangbei, Shapingba, Tongnan, Wulong and other districts and counties and the relevant member units of the Chongqing Municipal Defense Index should pay close attention to the rainwater conditions, especially the changes in the flooding of the Yangtze River, Jialing River and Wujiang River, analyze and judge in advance, issue early warnings, strengthen patrol duty, resolutely evacuate and transfer the people in the threatened area, mobilize emergency rescue teams and materials, and quickly and effectively deal with the disaster.
The Minister Counselor of the Embassy of Vietnam in Laos, Zheng Shixin, representatives from the Lao Vietnamese Buddhist Association, the Lao Vietnamese Association, the representatives of the Vientiane Provincial Government, the Lao Veteran Association and other representatives attended the ceremony.
The heroic memorial service was held in a solemn atmosphere. Representatives successively offered incense to the heroes and commemorates the heroic achievements of the heroes and the special solidarity relationship between the old and the old.
Minister Counselor Zheng Shixin said in his speech that this is an opportunity for the old Vietnamese and the Lao people to jointly commemorate the revolutionary heroes of the two countries and express their gratitude to the heroes who sacrificed for the independence and freedom of the two countries. It is also a good opportunity for the two peoples to review the two countries and work together to fight against the common enemy, fight for national independence, national reunification, and jointly build national development and consolidate the relationship between the two countries.
Seventy-four years ago, on January 23, 1946, 28 soldiers of the Lao-Vietnam Fighting Alliance sacrificed heroically while attacking the Phonehe stronghold.
The victory of this attack became a historic victory for the two countries in the early stages of the struggle for national liberation.
Ms. Zheng Shixin emphasized that the people of the two countries will always remember the heroes who sacrificed for the cause of the national liberation struggle of the two countries, and stressed that the young people of the two countries will continue to carry forward the brave and strong traditions of the older generations and make due contributions to the continued blooming of the Vietnam-Laos relationship and the prosperity and development of the two countries.
Milestone leap!
Inter Milan unlocks 3000th Serie A match
The client of Chinanews.com, July 26th. In the early morning of the 26th, Beijing time, Serie A traditional giant Inter Milan ushered in a milestone battle.
According to Italian media statistics, the away game against Genoa is the 3000th Serie A game in the history of Inter Milan. The Nerazzurri is also the first team to unlock this milestone.
Since the league restructuring in 1929, Inter Milan is the only team that has never missed Serie A and the only team that has never been relegated.
According to Italian media reports, the match between Inter Milan and Genoa is the 3000th match of the Nerazzurri team.
In this landmark battle, Inter Milan defeated Genoa by three goals away.
Lukaku scored twice in this campaign, and Sanchez, who came off the bench, also contributed a goal.
The game entered the rhythm of Inter Milan from the beginning, and the strong attack finally turned into a goal in the 34th minute.
Bilaki crossed from the left and Lukaku took a header from the middle.
In the 82nd minute, Inter Milan did the same, Moses broke through on the right and passed. Sanchez scored a pass in the middle. Before the end, Lukaku scored twice and countered Brozovic to send a long distance. Lukaku broke into the penalty area and drove through Romero. After pushing the goal, the score was fixed at 3:0.
Inter Milan defeated Genoa at 0:3, overtaking Atlanta to the second place, and after losing one more game, Juventus, the leader, scored 4 points and still retained the hope of winning the championship.
So far, in the 3,000 Serie A games that spanned nearly 90 years, Inter Milan won 1,489 of them, tied 834, and lost 677, with a win rate of 49.6%.
In the meantime, the team scored 5038 goals and lost 3102 goals, averaging 1.68 goals per game.
The Nerazzurri won the league title 18 times and never relegated.
The statement said that the drone landed in Lebanon when the Israeli military carried out its mission near the "Blue Line" on the border between Israel and Lebanon.
The statement did not mention the cause of the drone's fall.
Israeli media reported that the drone may have crashed and fell.
According to reports, the Israeli Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of Defense Gantz said during the inspection of northern Israel that afternoon, in order to ensure its security interests, Israel will continue to take action against Syria and Lebanon.
Israel has long regarded Lebanon’s Hezbollah as a major security threat and accused Iran of sending weapons to Lebanon’s Hezbollah via the Syrian land corridor. The situation near the Israeli-Lebanese border was tense.
Israel has repeatedly carried out air strikes against targets in Syria on the grounds of cracking down on the organization.
Liu Yunlong, the old face of the spy war drama, plays a stuttering actor-Xinhua
Produced by Liu Yunlong and directed by Yin Fei, the large-scale spy war drama "Winner" starring Liu Yunlong, Su Qing, Liang Guanhua, Li Liqun and others landed on Guangdong TV's "Vitality Theater" at 7:30 on the evening of July 16.
The play recounts the fact that Tang Fei (Liu Yunlong), a member of the underground party of the Communist Party of China lurking in the Japanese puppet police station, assassinated Japanese chief agents and smashed the Japanese conspiracy.
"Win" is based on historical facts, and the material is taken from the Soviet military archives that have been dusty for many years.
During the battle of defense in Moscow, the Soviet Red Army's Far East marched forward to the west. At this time, the "Northern Progression" of the Japanese Kwantung Army thought that it was an opportunity to take advantage of it and intended to send troops.
In order to relieve the danger of the enemy, the Chinese Communist Party and Soviet Communist Party intelligence personnel jointly implemented the "Mudan Ula" plan.
Based on this historical background, the well-known screenwriter Deng Yuan has been polished several times, making the plot twists and turns burnt.
Liu Yunlong also acted as the producer and actor in "Win".
In the play, he plays Tang Fei, the chief of the criminal section of the Linhe Police Department. He is a very happy or even stingy stuttering policeman. His true identity is a member of the Communist Party of China.
The heroine Cai Meng, who plays the opponent's drama, is the chief of the Linhe Security Bureau. He is appreciated by the Japanese boss Fukuhara, and there is a delicate relationship between Tang Fei and his friend and friend.
Su Qing has tried many different types of roles in recent years, from Lu Ruowen in "We Are Young" in those years to Er Qing in "The Yanxi Raiders", which left a deep impression on the audience and his acting skills were recognized.
This time Su Qing and Liu Yunlong are their first partners. The stuttering sheriff's setting with the charming policewoman is quite interesting and innovative.
In addition to the two protagonists, there are many powerful actors such as Liang Guanhua, Li Liqun, Qian Bo, Lei Han, Shen Junyi and so on. "Old Bone Drama" is also one of the highlights of the show.
It is understood that "Win" is also very well-produced, and the crew has shot and filmed nearly 2000 kilometers across the three provinces of Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Liaoning.
In order to restore the eccentric city style of the Northeast Japanese occupation period, the crew's art props team worked day and night to carefully polish the scene construction and every detail of the props, so that the scenes in the play are exquisite and full of historical texture.
16 people killed in floods in two western Yemeni provinces
Xinhua News Agency, Kuwait City, July 26th (Reporter Nie Yunpeng Wang Wei) Sana's news: According to Yemeni local media reports on the 26th, the western province of Yemen has suffered heavy rainfall in the province of Hodeidah and Hajj. At least 16 people have been killed in the floods in the past 48 hours.
According to reports, flooding caused by rain in Hodeidah Province killed 13 people, and three people in nearby Hajj Province were killed in the floods.
In addition, dozens of houses were destroyed by floods in northern Hodeidah and southern Hajj province, and some roads and farmland were damaged to varying degrees.
Years of military conflict have caused Yemen’s health system to nearly collapse.
According to statistics from the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, since 2017, the number of people infected with cholera in Yemen has exceeded 1 million, and the number of deaths has exceeded 2,000.
Yemeni medical institutions worry that the continued flooding will cause the cholera epidemic to spread again.
"Jedi Strikes" is released
Directed by the young director Gao Zhuangzhuang, the online movie "Jedi Strike" starring Liao William, Dongyu, Yang Xinran, Wang Yibo and others officially released in iQiyi.
The film tells the story of the venomous boxer Venus returning to the ring and fighting for dignity, showing a passionate dream journey.
The film "Jedi Strike" takes Thailand as the main plot to promote "Thai Boxing" as the starting point for the dream of Venus, the downbeat boxer. The whole story is carried out under the adaptation of traditional Chinese cultural values. Whether it is Venus's early determination to fight fake punches for the master, or the later efforts to reinvigorate as a dignity with the support of friends and lovers, he has shown the dream of male love and family in traditional Chinese culture.
Combining the classic Hollywood sports film story mode and the strong cooperation of the professional teams of China and Thailand, "Jedi Attack" not only presents an international effect, but also will impress different types of audiences.
At the same time, "Jedi Attack" shows a lot of Muay Thai fighting and training plots, the scene is fierce and passionate.
In the film, Zhang Xiaoliang, the game designer played by Dongyu, helped Venus, played by Liao Williams, to return to the ring and take the laurels through a fighting game. It combined the novel and interesting high-tech with the passionate and competitive sports competition. It also showed that Zhang Xiaoliang and Venus looked like "different ways", but in fact the brotherhood of the same goal.
In addition, the long flowing love between Venus and Jingjing is also very touching. Jingjing's silent support for Venus and Venus's firm commitment to Jingjing have made the audience see the "Tie Han tenderness" in Venus, and added a lot of humanity to the fallen king.
Joint action of the four departments!
Start App illegal and illegal collection and use of personal information governance work-中新网
2020-07-26 15:18:27 Source: CCTV Network Author: Zhu Yanjing Responsible Editor: Zhu Yanjing
Start the collection and use of personal information management work for illegal and illegal App.
The National Information Security Standardization Technical Committee, China Consumer Association, China Internet Association, China Cyberspace Security Association, and related professional assessment agencies participated in the meeting.
App illegal and illegal collection and use of personal information governance working group uses WeChat public account ("App personal information report"), website (pip.tc260.org.cn) two special channels to accept the majority of netizens about illegal and illegal collection and use of personal information clues and problem reports.
At the same time, the majority of netizens can also report and report illegal activities to platforms such as the Illegal and Bad Information Reporting Center (www.12377.cn), the Network Bad and Spam Reporting Accepting Center (www.12321.cn) and other platforms.
CCTV reporter Zhang Gang
Greenland opens a new round of mixed reform Shanghai State-owned Assets plans to transfer 17.5% of shares-Economic Observation Net-Professional Financial News Website
Economic Observation Network reporter Rao Xianjun On July 26, Greenland Holdings (600606.SH) issued a "Informative Announcement on State-owned Shareholders' Proposal to Transfer Part of the Company's Shares and Resumption of Shares by Public Call for Transferee".
According to the announcement, in order to further deepen the reform of state-owned assets and state-owned enterprises, optimize the structural adjustment of state-owned assets, and improve the greenfield equity structure, Shanghai Real Estate (Group) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Shanghai Real Estate") and Shanghai City Investment (Group) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Shanghai City Investment") plan to transfer part of the company's shares held by open transfer of the transferee. The total proportion of shares to be transferred shall not exceed 175% of the total share capital of Greenland.
The price of the shares to be transferred this time is not lower than the higher of the following: the arithmetic average of the daily weighted average price of the 30 trading days before the reminder announcement date (July 27, 2020); the company's audited net asset value per share in the most recent fiscal year.
At present, there is still no conclusion about the new strategic investors in Greenland. According to the information announced in the announcement, the new strategic investors need to pay about 14 billion yuan to acquire the 17.5% equity transferred in the mixed reform of Greenland.
It is worth noting that after the completion of this share transfer, it is expected that Greenland still has no controlling shareholder and actual controller, but the control structure may change significantly.
Since its establishment, Greenland Holdings has carried out several institutional reforms: from 1992 to 1997, it operated in accordance with market-oriented rules under a purely state-owned system; from 1997 to 2013, it established and continuously improved the shareholding system of state-owned holdings and employee shares; from 2013 to 2015, it introduced strategic investors to form a state-owned and non-public capital cross-shareholding and integrated mixed ownership system; since 2015, it has been listed as a public company.
Greenland’s current mixed reform plan is similar to Gree. In December 2019, Gao Lian Capital led Zhuhai Mingjun to take over the 15% equity of Gree Electric (000651.SZ) with 41.662 billion yuan. Gree Group retired as a minority shareholder. After completing the mixed reform, Gree Electric implemented a modern corporate management method such as an executive incentive plan and a structure without actual controllers.
Both Shanghai Real Estate and Shanghai Urban Investment are state-owned enterprise groups wholly-owned by the Shanghai State-owned Assets Supervision and Administration Commission. Greenland Holdings Chairman and President Zhang Yuliang said that Greenland’s move is an important measure for Shanghai to promote comprehensive reform of state-owned assets and state-owned enterprises and accelerate the new phase of state-owned assets and state-owned enterprise reforms in accordance with the requirements of the Party Central Committee. It fully demonstrates the new ideas of reforms that are tailored to local conditions and tailored to the needs of the company.
Inter-provincial tourism resumed
Xinhua News Agency, Hangzhou, July 25 (Reporter Li Ping) At 12:20 on July 25, more than 200 Shanghai tourists who took the D771 train successfully arrived in Lanxi City, Zhejiang Province. This is also the first cross-province motor train tour nationwide since the Ministry of Culture and Tourism resumed cross-provincial (regional, city) team tours on July 14.
Located in Lanxi City in central and western Zhejiang Province, the scenery is beautiful. There are many scenic spots in Zhuge Bagua Village, Changhe Underground, Zhiyan Ancient Village and so on. In the two-day one-night itinerary, more than 200 Shanghai tourists will appreciate these attractions one by one.
Li Li, deputy general manager of Shanghai Railway International Tourism (Group) Co., Ltd., said that according to the latest policy, the company focused on cross-provincial travel needs, communicated with Lanxi City as soon as possible, and elaborately launched the "Shanghai to Lanxi" and "Summer Touring Two-Day Tour" products. The products were sold out in less than a week.
Aunt Sun from Shanghai said that because of the epidemic, she has not been out this year.
"It's been a long time at home. As soon as I saw a team tour, I shared the news with my friends and signed up. I had never been to Lanxi before. I look forward to this trip very much," said Aunt Sun.
It is understood that in September last year, Lanxi City and Shanghai Railway International Tourism (Group) Co., Ltd. signed a strategic cooperation agreement on the "ride high-speed railway · Youlanxi" project, planning to conduct 12 high-speed rail special trains from Jiangsu, Zhejiang, Shanghai and Anhui to Lanxi within one year.
I slapped myself?
U.S. White House consultants "counter-bite" states to resume work prematurely
U.S. White House consultants "bite back" states to resume work too early
On July 23 local time, the number of confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia in the United States exceeded 4 million, accounting for 30% of global cases.
Over the past few months, President Trump has repeatedly asked states across the country to resume work and return to school. It was only recently that he changed his attitude and took the initiative to wear masks in public. His advisers even "bite back" and said some state governments resumed work too early.
On the 22nd, White House Presidential Adviser Kelly Conway said at a press conference that some state governments did not comply with the standards for reinstatement and restarted places like bars too early.
Conway also mentioned that the previous statement that the President has "absolute power" to decide on the resumption of work in various states is a misrepresented rumor.
"The president is a federalist. He believes that all states have autonomy."
She defended Trump.
However, the "rumors" in Conway's mouth were spoken by Trump at the White House epidemic briefing on April 13.
The operation of self-slaps on this face was mocked by netizens as "rewriting history".
Kelly Conway wants to rewrite history, she is a liar.
Trump called Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer a dictator because she followed medical guidelines and insisted on a shutdown.
Trump wants to push back to work so he can hold rallies.
This is not the first time Kelly Conway has caused controversy.
In an interview with Fox News on April 15, Conway blurted out: "This is COVID-19, not COVID-1, friends!"
She seemed to understand "19" as a version number, and was ridiculed by netizens: read the newspaper without common sense!
The 3-year-old child was smashed playing in the college playground. Is it reasonable to sue the school after winning the compensation?
2020-07-26 05:01:11 Source: Legal Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Editor in charge: Wang Sishuo
The playground was smashed, and the children complained to the school
□ Our correspondent Zhao Yifan
When playing at a college playground, 3-year-old Xiaowen was accidentally hit by the softball team's Chen when he was throwing a ball.
After Chen's compensation, Xiaowen's father, Mr. Wen, as Xiaowen's legal agent, sued the school to the court, demanding that the school where the accident occurred was paid an apology, and paid medical expenses, mental damages and so on, totaling 20,000 yuan.
Recently, after hearing the case, the Haidian District People's Court of Beijing believed that the school had set up a protective net in the playground at the time of the incident, and had fulfilled its proper safety and security obligations, and Chen had already made compensation. According to this judgment, the plaintiff's claim was rejected.
Mr. Wen complained that during the summer vacation of 2019, he took Xiao Wen to play in the school playground, when the softball team was training in the playground.
In order to avoid the risks, Xiaowen, Mr. Wen and many other children and parents are active in the safe area designated by the softball team.
However, after the softball team member Chen Mou took off when pitching, the softball flew over the net to the safe area and hit Xiaowen's head.
Mr. Wen immediately took Xiaowen to the hospital for treatment and was diagnosed with head trauma.
Mr. Wen believes that the school stadium facilities do not comply with the relevant safety regulations, and the team and related facilities are not effectively managed.
The school’s fault led to the above-mentioned incident, which caused Xiaowen to suffer great physical and mental pain, and also brought great pain to his family, for which the school should bear legal responsibility.
In this regard, the school argued that the school had set up a protective net on the playground, and posted management regulations and training notices, informing that entering the playground must maintain a safe distance from the training site and reminding yourself to be safe. The plaintiff could not prove that the school had "not fulfilled its safety obligations", so it did not agree to compensation.
After the court heard, the venue of the incident was that the university involved in the case was open to the public free of charge. Although the school has a security guarantee obligation for the management of the playground, this security guarantee obligation only needs to meet the general duty of care.
At the time of the incident, the school set up a protective net in the playground, and had fulfilled its proper safety and security obligations. Chen also compensated Xiaowen for medical expenses, transportation expenses and other losses of more than 2,000 yuan in accordance with the compensation agreement reached before. The two parties agreed to settle the dispute at one time.
Afterwards, Xiaowen’s parents once again claimed school compensation, and the law had no basis. The court ruled to dismiss all the plaintiff’s claims.
After the sentencing, neither party appealed, and the sentence is now in effect.
According to Article 37 of China's Tort Liability Law, the school as the administrator of public places has an obligation of safety and security; in the case of damage to others caused by the actions of the third party, the third party bears the tort liability, and the administrator of the public places that fails to fulfill the obligations of safety and security shall bear corresponding supplementary responsibilities.
The judge said that as the manager of a public place, he is most likely to know the actual situation of the entire place, anticipate the dangers and damages that may occur, and thus is most likely to take the necessary measures to prevent the loss or reduce the degree of damage, and the lowest cost to avoid and mitigate the damage, so the law stipulates that he shall bear the corresponding guarantee obligations for social activities.
In this case, for the unspecified people entering the playground free of charge to the public, the school’s security guarantee obligations should be adapted to the social activities it is engaged in. Specifically, it should mainly take basic security measures and be obliged to inform hidden dangers.
In judicial practice, it is also inappropriate to impose excessively high security assurance obligations on administrators of public places.
If the school has adopted a protective net and fulfilled its obligation to inform, it can be determined that the school has no fault and should not bear legal responsibility.
In addition, for third-party infringement, even if the administrators in public places such as schools fail to fulfill their security guarantee obligations, their responsibilities are also a supplement to the damages. According to the latest civil code, the administrators can also recover from the third party after taking up the supplementary liability.
Therefore, in such accidents, after the victim has received compensation from the direct infringer, it should not expand the scope of compensation.
Under the normalization of epidemic prevention and control, people's enthusiasm for sports and fitness is rising.
With the gradual liberalization of the inter-provincial tourism business, the tourism market is about to usher in a recovery.
Fujian Province resumed its inter-provincial tourism business from July 21st. On the first weekend after its opening, Xiamen, a popular tourist destination, ushered in a peak passenger flow.
As a popular tourist destination city, many tourists arrive in Xiamen on weekends.
Xiamen Railway Station is expected to send 3.7 million passengers during the summer transport, and the airport passenger flow is mainly student, tourism and family visits.
The tourism market is gradually picking up. In July, Xiamen Airport operated 440 sorties a day, and domestic flights have recovered to 80% before the epidemic.
Airlines have encrypted the air express from Xiamen to Shanghai, Beijing, Kunming, Xi'an and other major cities to seize the recovered tourism market.
At present, a number of travel agencies in Xiamen have launched a batch of summer domestic cross-provincial travel products, and the group itinerary is mainly based on outdoor attractions.
In response to the peak summer passenger traffic in railway stations and airports, relevant units have deployed additional personnel to guide people in areas where people are likely to gather, such as check-in counters and security channels. Fujian has also optimized and upgraded the "Bamin Health Code" to achieve health data sharing and mutual recognition with 31 provinces and promote an orderly recovery of the tourism market.
Can Andy Liu Qingyun "dismantle" a new spark-Xinhua
"Bomb Removal Expert 2" recently announced that it will be released on December 24, becoming the first film of the Chinese New Year file.
The second part is still directed by Qiu Litao and produced and starred by Andy Lau, starting with a brand new story.
It is reported that the addition of the "nuclear bomb" element in the second part has also made the challenge of the bomb dismantling experts more difficult. The few glimpsed shots in the preview have been awesome. The explosion of the mushroom cloud and the airport engulfed by the flames are quite shocking.
Three years ago, "The Bomb Demolition Expert" produced by the original team won the May Day box office champion, and won 7 nominations at the Hong Kong Film Awards. Qiu Litao × Andy Lau also became the gold partner in the audience's mind.
This time, "Bomb Dismantling Expert 2" also makes people look forward to whether this pair of ace combination can create a new spark.
"Bomb Dismantling Expert 2" tells a new story: Pan Chengfeng (Liu Dehua), a former bomb dismantling expert, fainted at the scene of the explosion and was listed as a suspect by the police.
In order to find the truth, he had to turn to Dong Zhuowen (Liu Qingyun), a friend of the bomb dismantling expert, for help.
The female inspector eager to solve the case, Pang Ling (Ni Ni), who was also Pan Chengfeng's ex-girlfriend, was also involved.
He is still a bomb dismantling expert, but he can feel the complexity of Andy Lau’s new role from the file preview: he broke a leg and put on a prosthesis, while being pursued by Liu Qingyun, who is also a bomb dismantling expert, while being directed by former girlfriend Ni Ni.
What kind of relationship did the three men have, what did Andy Lau do at the Xiangdao Hotel, what kind of cases were involved, what twists and turns has he experienced in his bomb disposal expert career, and all kinds of mysteries make people wonder.
It is understood that the highlights of the film are the world's landmark buildings that view Hong Kong on the spot, coupled with the top special effects production team, bringing a shocking and realistic visual impact.
(Reporter Nie Qing)
China News Service, July 26. According to reports from the Russian Satellite Network, July 26 is Russian Navy Day. The main military parade to celebrate Navy Day was held in St. Petersburg and Kronstadt.
Putin, the President of Russia and the highest commander of the Russian armed forces, arrived in Kronstadt to participate in the celebration. 15 ships and submarines were inspected.
On July 28, 2019 local time, St. Petersburg, Russia held a grand military parade to celebrate the Navy Day.
According to reports, Putin congratulated naval officers and soldiers on Naval Day, and sailed by the side of the ship that was going to participate in the sea parade on the Gulf of Finland. Then, he inspected the viewed troops at the subjective desk.
Putin said that the Russian naval fleet is equipped with the latest ships and special equipment, and the equipment level is constantly improving.
Putin said at the military parade on the Russian Navy Day: "The Russian navy fleet has warships equipped with high-precision weapons, strategic diving cruisers and multi-purpose submarines, the latest aircraft and other aircraft, unique weapons and special equipment."
On June 24, local time, Russia celebrated the 75th anniversary of the victory of the Great Patriotic War on the Red Square.
He also stated that the Russian navy fleet will rely on digitalization and effective defense methods to achieve unique advantages.
According to reports, the main naval parade to celebrate Russian Naval Day was held in St. Petersburg and Kronstadt. A total of 46 ships participated, including the frigate "Admiral Kasatonov", the large antisubmarine ship "Admiral Kulakov", and the large landing ship, small missile ship, frigate, and submarine.
Among them, a series of ships were statically displayed beside the Hermitage Bridge in St. Petersburg, the most notable of which was the replica of the first Russian battleship "Poltava" in the early 18th century.
To avoid the spread of the new crown virus, only local residents and special guests can enter Kronstadt during the naval parade this year.
The last Sunday of July every year is Russian Navy Day.
Yang Hongnian, founder of the Beijing Philharmonic Choir, dies at the age of 86
Beijing News (Reporter Liu Zhen) On July 26, the Beijing Philharmonic Choir issued an obituary. Yang Hongnian, founder of the Beijing Philharmonic Choir, a well-known Chinese conductor and music educator, a lifelong academic member of the Central Conservatory of Music, and a professor of the Conducting Department. He died of illness at 13:55 on July 26, 2020 at the age of 86.
The picture is from the official website of the Beijing Philharmonic Choir.
Yang Hongnian was born in 1934 in Nanjing, Jiangsu. He has loved music since childhood.
In 1951, he served as the conductor of the Nanjing People's Radio Chorus. In the autumn of 1951, he was admitted to the Music Department of Shanghai East China Normal University. He studied the conductor with Professor Yang Jiaren and the German conductor Hizman, and learned the melody and polyphony to the Soviet expert Arzamanov.
He taught in the Music Department of Beijing Normal University of Art in 1958, and was transferred to the Composition Department and Conducting Department of the Central Conservatory of Music in 1973.
Yang Hongnian founded the Beijing Philharmonic Choir in 1983.
For more than thirty years, he has upheld the tenet of "love and dedication", led this choir to sing all over the world, and won dozens of awards in important competitions at home and abroad.
He has conducted the performances of more than 30 groups such as the Central Orchestra Chorus, the Central Folk Song and Dance Ensemble, the Oriental Song and Dance Ensemble, and the Shanghai Chorus, and held many symphony concerts and choral concerts.
His works include "Band Training", "Chorus Training", "Second Song Writing", "Children's Song Collection" (upper and lower volumes) and papers "On the Chorus Pitch Problems", "On the Sound Level Layout of Orchestral Music", and the translations of "Chorus Orchestration Method" and "Debussy's Harmony Language".
China News Service, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporter Liu Xian) The Chongqing Municipal Development and Reform Commission announced on the 26th that the city has withdrawn 4,404 fishermen so far, accounting for 42.54% of all fishermen involved.
In an interview with a China News reporter, Li Daiguo, 53, said that his grandfather was fishing at the Longxi River. He started fishing with his father at the age of 11 and rocked the boat. He traveled along the Longxi River to Liangping, Chongqing, and then to Longevity. Each time he left home for ten days and a half, he lived on his family by fishing.
However, since 1997, as the rural population gradually rushed into Changzhen, there were more and more residents in Gao'anchang town, and the environmental pollution caused by it became more and more serious.
Paper mills, chemical plants, and farms were built along the Longxi River, which also polluted the river.
By 2007 and 2008, the Longxi River had turned into a stinking ditch.
"The fish scales caught are all black, and the inside is black after being cut open."
Li Daiguo said that it is increasingly difficult to catch fish after the river is polluted.
The local government has made great efforts to control the pollution of Longxi River, including cleaning, river patrol, and management of aquatic resources.
Li Daiguo also retired from fishermen and became a member of the patrol team to manage aquatic resources.
From January 1, 2020, the Chongqing Aquatic Biological Reserve and the relevant waters of the main urban area have implemented a comprehensive ban.
According to the data of the Chongqing Municipal Development and Reform Commission, as of now, Chongqing has accumulated 3403 fishing vessels and 4643 fishing vessels that have signed a withdrawal agreement, accounting for 63.3% and 86.3% of the total three-year mission, respectively.
4,404 fishermen have been retired, accounting for 42.54% of all fishermen involved.
Among the 4,404 people who have retreated, 4,267 people have achieved employment, accounting for 96.89% of the fishermen who have retired.
Pension insurance coverage covers 2,691 people, accounting for 61.10% of retired fishermen.
In the next step, Chongqing will carry out various special rectification actions, accelerate the cleanup and rectification of utilization projects along the main stream of the Yangtze River, complete a new round of Yangtze River sewage outfall surveys and carry out corresponding rectification actions, basically complete the "Three Phosphorus" (referring to phosphate mines, phosphorous chemical industry and phosphogypsum reservoir) rectification tasks, small hydropower cleanup and rectification work, promote the implementation of illegal mining and rectification projects on the Yangtze River, and strengthen the illegal mining of the Yangtze River.
Israel strengthens prevention and control of repeated outbreaks
2020-07-26 04:56:44 Source: Guangming Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Editor in charge: Wang Sishuo
Israel strengthens prevention and control of repeated epidemics
In the early stage of the outbreak of the New Coronary Pneumonia epidemic, Israel’s prevention and control measures were effective.
However, with the gradual lifting of the prevention and control measures, the number of newly diagnosed new coronary pneumonia in Israel has recently increased significantly, and the Israeli government has repeatedly taken emergency measures to strengthen the prevention and control of the epidemic.
On February 28th, the first new case of new pneumonia was diagnosed in Israel. In order to quickly close all entry and exit ports, suspend non-essential industries, the school changed to online teaching, restricted public transportation and non-essential social activities, blocked severely epidemic cities, and joint military and police maintenance and prevention measures.
This series of measures soon achieved positive results. By mid-May, Israel's new cases of newly diagnosed coronary pneumonia fell to single digits.
As the epidemic was brought under control, various prevention and control measures in Israel were fully lifted. Since June, the number of newly diagnosed new coronary pneumonia has gradually rebounded.
Especially after entering July, the spread of the epidemic has continued to accelerate.
In recent days, there have been more than 1,500 new cases per day in Israel for 8 days. As of July 25, there were 916 new cases on the same day.
As of July 25, Israel had 59,745 confirmed cases and 448 deaths.
Facing the rapid rebound of the epidemic, the Israeli government has repeatedly taken emergency measures to strengthen the prevention and control of the epidemic.
On July 6, after the number of diagnosed cases exceeded 30,000, the Israeli government closed public entertainment venues such as gymnasiums, swimming pools, bars, and nightclubs. At the same time, it introduced a public transport restriction policy, which stipulated that each bus should not exceed 20 passengers.
On the 17th, the Israeli government announced a series of new restrictive measures, including the implementation of "closing the city" on weekends, and stipulating the implementation of the "closing the city" from 17:00 every Friday to 5:00 every Sunday.
During this period, people can go out, but shops, shopping centers, barber shops, beauty salons, libraries, zoos, museums, exhibition halls, swimming pools and tourist attractions will be closed, while basic service venues such as supermarkets and pharmacies will remain open.
At the same time, on all dates and time periods, gatherings of more than 10 people are prohibited, gyms, studios and other places will be closed, restaurants and cafes are prohibited from dine-in, and only take-out services are allowed.
At the same time, the Israeli people did not pay enough attention to the severity of the epidemic and failed to form a joint force with the government in fighting the epidemic.
After the repeated outbreak of the Israeli epidemic, many people took to the streets to protest and march because the government's prevention and control measures affected their own economic interests.
On July 11, tens of thousands of people held a demonstration in Tel Aviv, thinking that the anti-epidemic policy affected the economy.
On the evening of the 21st, thousands of protesters gathered in front of the official residence of Prime Minister Netanyahu in Jerusalem to protest against the prevention and control measures issued by Prime Minister Netanyahu, which banned restaurants, cafes, and dine-in, without giving corresponding compensation.
In addition, many people do not follow the rules of wearing masks and maintaining a two-meter safe social distance during outdoor activities. In order to avoid being fined by the police for not wearing masks, many people only wear masks on their chins or hang them on their wrists.
During the repeated epidemic, the school was the hardest hit by the spread of the new crown virus. According to a reporter's recent visit to this kindergarten, the teachers and students of the kindergarten did not wear masks as required by the government, nor did they maintain a two-meter safe social distance from each other, laying a hidden danger for a large number of teachers and students infected with the virus.
Professor Eli Waxman, a member of the expert advisory group of the Israeli National Security Council to fight against the epidemic, believes that Israel is moving towards a “dangerous situation”, noting that the current epidemic prevention and control measures taken by Israel are not enough. All leisure and recreational activities and summer schools should be closed to control the spread of the epidemic.
Waxman said that Israel lacks a master plan to fight the epidemic. Parliament and government departments should abandon their own interests as soon as possible, reach agreement on the fight against the epidemic, and formulate clear steps that include restrictions on different departments.
Our newspaper Tel Aviv, July 25th, our reporter in Tel Aviv Wang Jiong
Wu Fengfang, a farmer in Guyuan, Ningxia, was unable to wear his wife Dai Tianfu. The two drove from their home 20 miles away to Liangyun Cultural Courtyard.
Despite the inconvenience of legs and feet in these two years, Dai Tianfu, 77 years old, still hoped to "come here every three minutes and five and get hooked."
This is an unassuming courtyard in Yuanzhou District, Guyuan City. Unlike ordinary farmhouses, there are often melodious Qin tunes in the yard, as well as wonderful shadow puppet shows, embroidery works, traditional Qin tunes, and Meihu operas.
The owner of the courtyard was Liang Yun, who was a carpenter.
More than 10 years ago, he loved shadow puppetry and singing. He began planning to build a cultural courtyard.
With Liang Yun Cultural Courtyard, the cultural life of villagers has become rich and colorful.
The reporter has not yet entered the Liangyun Cultural Courtyard, and Qin Qiang's tune has been heard.
It is Bai Lixiang, a villager in the neighboring village, who is singing the excerpts of Qin Qiang for the folks.
She has loved Qin Qiang since she was a child, and now she is well-known locally. As long as she has free time, she will come to the Cultural Courtyard to perform programs for the villagers.
Recently, Bai Lixiang also played a webcast.
Bai Lixiang said: "It is a very happy thing for more people to see their performances."
On the stage, the vocalists were one-on-one and the percussionists were one-on-one. Although they were amateurs, their passion was not reduced.
Just like the rustic style of the farmhouse, outside the Qin tune, the "grassroots" art and non-legacy culture in the Liangyun Cultural Courtyard came out.
The compound also houses more than 300 real-world farming tools, traditional and hand-made tiles, paper cuts, embroidery and shadow puppets.
Liang Yun led the reporter into the exhibition hall in the courtyard, where he displayed the old objects he had collected, such as old hip flask, Sanxianzi, spinning wheel and so on.
Why did an ordinary farmer build a cultural courtyard?
"The shadow play is my handicraft. I started learning this craft when I was 15 years old."
Liangyun Cultural Courtyard was established in 2012, becoming the first rural "intangible cultural heritage exhibition hall" in Ningxia, and is also a model courtyard for the protection of intangible cultural heritage in Guyuan City.
In addition to Liangyun Cultural Courtyard, more than 120 cultural courtyards and 79 private performance groups have emerged in Yuanzhou District of Guyuan City. Among them, there are more than 50 cultural courtyards of a certain scale, such as Shenjiahe Cultural Courtyard, Wang Yonghong Cultural Courtyard, Yanglang Cultural Courtyard, etc., covering all towns and streets of Yuanzhou District, with more than 5,000 participants.
These grassroots artists are active in the fields, enriching the cultural life of the masses and satisfying their spiritual needs.
"As life gets better and better, traditional culture cannot just be left behind."
"Liu's spy war drama" returns to "Opportunity" to see Liu Yunlong's opponent Li Liqun
The 40 episodes of the spy war drama "Win" will land on Beijing Satellite TV starting July 16.
"Win" is based on real historical facts, based on the Soviet military archives that have been available for the first time in many years.
The actor Liu Yunlong, who is familiar with the "spying war drama" as the audience, broke through the image in the play and challenged a rather stupid "stutter agent".
In recent years, the popularity of dramas such as "Pretender", "Mask" and "Kite" have proved that espionage genres have strong vitality.
Different from the previous spy warfare works, "Win Opportunity" looks at the world and extends the background of the story to the Soviet Union's Far East battlefield.
Based on the final stage of the 1944 Anti-Japanese War, it tells the story of Tang Fei (Liu Yunlong), a secret agent of the Communist Party of China, under the leadership of the Secretary of the Linhe Provincial Party Committee of the Chinese Underground Party and the Director of the Soviet Union’s Far East Intelligence Bureau.
In many spy war dramas, the actor as a senior spy, the appearance of a handsome, high IQ, mature and perfect image.
However, in Liu Yunlong's view, such a person is not suitable for spying. "Spy should be a kind of person who can't be found in the crowd. If he is an appearance that is very handsome and handsome, can't wait for everyone to pay attention to you, can you still be lurking? There is a line in "Kite", "You don't come to catch me, I forget that I am a Kuomintang." The spy is going to be elitist."
Therefore, in "Win", Liu Yunlong ingeniously designed his protagonist Tang Fei as a "stuttering agent" with a sense of joy.
The other camp in "Win" is jointly supported by Fang Shibao, the head of the police department, played by Liang Guanhua, played by Japanese Fukuhara, and Li Liqun.
Two powerful actors, one south and one north, added a lot of master tricks to the show.
Director Yin Fei used the term "Biao Xi" to describe the rival play between Li Liqun and Liu Yunlong in the play. "It is definitely Biao Xi. The two of them have a special tacit understanding. This kind of tacit understanding between them is very impactful to me. Many times their dramas are "on-the-go". For example, we only wrote half a page. When I shoot, I will not stop when they shoot, and they can continue acting."
The masters do not rob each other, and the director does not stir. When the actors are in the role and ensure their own character status, they can not only shape the character from the perspective of the character, but also bring more viewing possibilities to the audience. Yin Fei said that such a play is only enough to make it outstanding.
In the play, you can also see many familiar faces in the "Liu's spy war drama". The famous and majestic "Mountain City F4" in "Kite" has also gathered three places in "Win".
Hou Yu and Liu Mingyang, who played Song Xiaoan and Zhao Jianzhi, once again played Tang Fei's left arm and right arm.
Director Yin Fei introduced, "These two people have no inferior roots, they just drifted with the waves in that era and that environment."
Liu Yunlong also offered, "We must be human. This humanity means that the people around me must have good and bad, and bad people are enemies, but we must also develop them, and our team must also grow."
The ending of these two people in the play was also carefully designed by Liu Yunlong. He believes that he will submit a satisfactory answer to the audience.
(Reporter Qiu Wei)
Four students drowned in Arong Banner, Inner Mongolia Official: The incident sounded the alarm
China News Network Hulunbeier, July 26 (Reporter Li Aiping) On the evening of the 25th, the reporter learned from the Arong Banner Government of Hulunbeier City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region that four local students died due to drowning.
At 15:50 on July 24, Arongqi Public Security Bureau 110 received an alarm report saying that 6 local junior high school students were drowning.
After receiving the police, the local police rushed to the scene as soon as possible, rescued 2 students on the spot, and then the local emergency bureau, water conservancy bureau and other units rushed to the scene one after another and participated in the rescue throughout the journey.
According to reports, more than 80 people including policemen, forest police, firefighters, and medical staff were dispatched to the rescue site. Three rubber boats were sent to continue to salvage the surrounding waters, and a professional rescue team was hired to arrive at the scene to conduct an underwater search through sonar detection.
The reporter learned that the local rescuers found the first student killed at 6:40 on July 25, the second student killed at 11:30 on the 25th, the third student killed at 12:40 on the 25th, and the last student killed at 13:34 on the 25th. After salvage to the shore, the above 4 people were found to have no vital signs by the local 120 emergency center.
Officials said that the drowning incident sounded the alarm for the whole society.
At present, relevant local government departments are collating some knowledge on drowning prevention, hoping that the tragedy will not happen again.
Xinhua News Agency, Hong Kong, July 25th: Xu Zhengyu, Director of the Financial Affairs and the Treasury Department of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government, said that Hong Kong's financial market remains active and operating in an orderly manner.
He expressed optimism about Hong Kong's financial stability and economy.
Xu Zhengyu said in an online seminar co-organized by the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office in Toronto and the Hong Kong-Canada Business Association (Canada Federation) on the 24th (Toronto Time) that Hong Kong is experiencing a difficult situation due to the "revision storm" and the new coronary pneumonia epidemic.
The exchange rate of the Hong Kong dollar is stable and favors the strong exchange guarantee level.
The banking system shows no obvious signs of capital outflows. On the contrary, more than $11 billion in capital inflows have been incurred since June.
Bank deposits have also continued to increase in the past few months. The stock market has a series of public offerings and fund-raising activities, and market transactions have repeatedly increased.
Xu Zhengyu said that the New Coronary Pneumonia epidemic has put pressure on the global economy and financial markets, but Hong Kong’s basic advantages remain unchanged.
Hong Kong has many advantages, including geography, rule of law, high-speed communications, free flow of information and capital, and a simple low tax system, making Hong Kong continue to be a leading international financial center.
Xu Zhengyu pointed out that the SAR Government has set aside HK$6 billion in the "Anti-epidemic and Anti-epidemic Fund", and will create about 30,000 time-limited jobs in the public and private sectors in the next two years, covering people with different skills and educational backgrounds.
To support the development of fintech, the SAR Government has also launched the "Thousand Talents Program" to subsidize local fintech companies, start-ups and other companies with fintech-related businesses to create 1,000 new jobs, hire local talent and enrich Hong Kong's fintech talent pool.
Looking ahead, Xu Zhengyu is optimistic about Hong Kong's financial stability and economy.
He encouraged Canadian companies to take advantage of Hong Kong's advantages and its position as an international financial center, international asset and wealth management center, and global offshore RMB business hub to develop and invest in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area and nearby areas.
"Lancet" article praises China's anti-epidemic efforts and encourages countries to learn from
The 25th issue of The Lancet magazine stated that China, as a country with a population of 1.4 billion, is similar in size to Europe or the United States. At this stage, the new crown epidemic has been effectively controlled, and there has been no further widespread transmission, which has largely controlled the domestic epidemic.
The article said that in the past ten years or so, China has made a lot of investment in domestic research and public health construction, which makes China's preparation for the new crown much better than that of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS).
The author said that when the SARS outbreak occurred in 2002, China was initially unprepared, especially the pathogens could not be determined.
When the new coronavirus was discovered in December 2019, Chinese scientists were soon able to identify the type of virus and shared genome sequencing data with the international community on January 11, 2020.
By the end of January, doctors from mainland China and Hong Kong clarified the clinical characteristics of the virus, and warned the world of the threat of the new crown virus through a research paper published in The Lancet.
China has also been at the forefront of vaccine research. Under the state's declaration of emergency, through close domestic cooperation, such research was carried out very quickly and rigorously. In May and July, the results of the early trials of the new crown vaccine developed by China were announced on the Lancet.
China's experience shows that it is very important to invest in the national health and research system to effectively improve laboratory capabilities.
This is the basis for rapid and effective national response to health emergencies and global health security.
Other countries, especially low- and middle-income countries, are very worthy of reference and learning.
In addition, China's experience proves that on the basis of strong research, a strong senior must resolutely rely on scientific evidence to make correct decisions, which will effectively control the new crown epidemic.
The article emphasizes that the government and its leaders must respect science, understand the value of science, and act on it in the most beneficial way to society.
In the early stage of the outbreak, the China National Health and Construction Commission sent three groups of infectious disease experts to Wuhan to investigate the risk and spread of the new coronavirus. Their recommendations provided the basis for the decision to close the city on January 23 in Wuhan. When an expert proposed the necessity and urgency of building a sheltered hospital, the government quickly made the decision and implemented it quickly. At the same time, the community and the masses of the people participated in the situation quickly and effectively.
The article finally emphasized that in response to global health emergencies, countries need to strengthen global cooperation and jointly respond.
Correspondence reporter Yang Hong
Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Wuhai Municipal Party Committee former inspector Bai Jinhai was expelled from the party
China News Service, July 26, according to the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Commission for Discipline Inspection and Supervision: A few days ago, with the approval of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Party Committee, the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Commission for Discipline Inspection conducted an investigation on the serious violation of discipline and law by the original inspector of the Wuhai Municipal Party Committee Bai Jinhai.
After investigation, as a party member leading cadre, Bai Jinhai lost his ideals and beliefs, openly violated the party spirit principles for his own self-interest, and opposed inspection and rectification; the organization was indifferent, illegally arranged for other people to mobilize work and received other people's property in the selection and appointment of cadres; economic greed, illegal business-run enterprises obtained huge profits, engaged in power transactions, and used power for personal gain;
Bai Jinhai severely violated political discipline, organizational discipline, integrity discipline, and life discipline. It constituted a violation of duties and was suspected of bribery and corruption crimes. It did not converge or end after the Eighteenth National Congress of the Party. The nature was serious and the circumstances were serious and should be dealt with seriously.
According to the "Regulations on the Disciplinary Measures of the Communist Party of China" and the "Monitoring Law of the People's Republic of China" and other relevant regulations, after the deliberation of the Standing Committee of the Disciplinary Committee of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and the approval of the Party Committee of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, it was decided to give Bai Jinhai the expulsion of the party membership and adjust the treatment he enjoys; confiscate the proceeds of violations of the discipline;
On the afternoon of the 25th local time, a small plane hit the top floor of a multi-storey residential building in Wesel, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany. The accident killed three people.
The Duisburg prosecutor, Wesel County Police Department and Wesel City Fire Department jointly issued a statement that evening, at about 14:40 that day, a small plane crashed into a penthouse at the top of a multi-storey residential building on Faberscamp Street in Wessel County, killing three people.
It took off from Mar, Ruhr, North Rhine-Westphalia that day, stopped again at Wessel County Airport, and then took off again, then crashed into a residential building.
The deceased may be a female resident in the impacted house and two passengers on a small plane.
A two-year-old child in the room suffered only minor injuries and was rescued safely.
The rest of the residents in the room were not injured in the accident, but their emotions have not calmed down.
The scenes reported by the German News Agency showed that the houses in the accident had thick smoke, and the firefighters showed that the houses were seriously damaged after extinguishing the fire.
At present, the cause of the plane crash is unclear.
"Rheinland Post" quoted police as saying that there were clues that the plane had disintegrated before it hit a residential building.
Police said that many parts of the crashed aircraft were found in the vicinity of the accident site.
The German Criminal Police is investigating the cause of this accident with the Duisburg prosecutor and the German Federal Aviation Accident Investigation Bureau.
The reporter learned from the Chinese Consulate General in Düsseldorf that day that the museum contacted the local police station and fire department. According to the scene judgment, there were no Chinese citizens among the casualties.
The Ministry of Health of Singapore announced on the 26th that as of 12:00 that day, Singapore had 481 newly diagnosed new crown cases, with a total of 50369 confirmed cases; and a total of 27 death cases.
The data shows that of the newly confirmed cases, 5 are local community cases, 4 are imported cases, and the rest are foreign workers living in dedicated dormitory.
The Ministry of Health in Singapore said 98% of newly confirmed cases were related to known infections.
There are still 173 new crown patients receiving treatment in the hospital, most of whom are stable or improving, and no one is in the intensive care unit.
In addition, 4,648 people were isolated in community facilities.
Foreign workers account for the vast majority of Singapore’s new crown infections.
According to statistics, Singapore has 200,000 foreign workers living in 43 dormitory for foreign workers, and about 100,000 foreign workers living in other types of dormitory.
The Singapore Inter-Departmental Inter-departmental Working Group recently said that the Singaporean government is stepping up testing of the last few foreign workers’ dormitories with higher rates of new crown infections.
After completing the testing of all the dedicated dormitory, the vast majority of foreign workers will be able to return to work, but they still have to regularly conduct new crown testing.
Director Dapeng's "Auspicious Ruyi" shortlisted for Jinjue Award-Xinhuanet
On July 18, the 23rd Shanghai International Film Festival announced the list of officially selected films for the Golden Jubilee Awards.
Director Dapeng's first real-life film "Auspicious Ruyi" was successfully shortlisted for this year's Golden Jury Award, and the film officially released its first poster.
Poster for photo
The film "Auspicious Ruyi" is the first realistic work directed by Dapeng and his second connection with the Golden Jubilee Award.
The film tells a story: a comedy director had a whimsy and returned to his hometown in the northeast of the country, hoping to make a family festival into a literary film, resulting in a series of accidents.
The family members gathered for making the movie completed the final gathering.
In the movie poster released today, a member of the family — “Uncle San” Wang Jixiang sits in the middle of the screen smoking a cigarette. The background is silver-covered black earth in the northeast. The foreground is a red lantern that Chinese people must hang every year.
The red lantern, which symbolizes the celebration and reunion, forms a huge contrast with the lonely Wang Jixiang. It also seems to reveal the complexity and entanglement in this big family relationship.
It is reported that in the film, except for the daughter of "Three Uncles" Wang Jixiang is played by actor Liu Lu, the rest of the scenes are completed by the real family of the director. The experimental audio-visual style of the film breaks the boundary between drama and reality and brings the audience a new immersive movie watching experience.
According to director Dapeng, the creation of "Auspicious Ruyi" originated from "a god's will". During the shooting, a series of sudden changes in the family made the original shooting plan have to change accordingly. Life without a script was eventually recorded as a movie, but it released tension beyond design.
How does director Dapeng face this "Providence" and how can he continue to meet the changes brought about by this Providence?
There is no doubt that "Auspicious Ruyi" is full of experimentation. The almost all-person lineup and innovative audio-visual style have turned the life in front of the camera into a movie. Under the package of real images, the audience will also find the shadow of themselves and their family from the family presented in the film. With the ending of the family party in the film, a series of thoughts are evoked.
NEWS.GOV.MO: New Coronavirus Infection Response Coordination Center query hotline statistics (July 25, 08H00 to July 26, 08H00)
From 08H00 on July 25, 2020 to 08H00 on July 26, the hotline of the New Coronavirus Infection Response Coordination Center received 292 telephone inquiries.
The 291 enquiries about the epidemic situation were immediately transferred to the relevant department representatives for follow-up. The situation is as follows:
271 cases from the Health Bureau (involves: inquiries about isolation; inquiries about nucleic acid detection; inquiries about the licenses of the two places; health codes; others.)
17 cases of Public Security Police Station (involves: enquiries on immigration measures; enquiries on immigration measures for vehicles from Guangdong and Macao; enquiries on Zhuhai's government hotline; enquiries on the stay of documents.)
1 case from the Tourism Bureau (involves: inquiries about segregated hotels)
1 case from Education and Youth Bureau (Involves: Inquiry about the method of Macao students returning to the UK to study.)
1 case from the Maritime and Water Affairs Bureau (Involves: Inquiring whether Hong Kong fishing vessels need to declare to the Maritime and Water Affairs Bureau and nucleic acid detection related matters when entering Hong Kong.)
Banong Zhuokang sentry post, platoon leader Yu Wang and a soldier stand on duty.
In this place where the average annual temperature is minus ten degrees, a row of simple barracks stands at the mountain pass, and a national flag flutters in the wind not far from the barracks. The soldiers are on duty every day in the wind, and they must regularly patrol at higher altitudes.
The soldiers climbed up the steep slope of the rock pile, which required both hands and feet.
In late July, it was the time when the flowers and plants were lush in low altitude areas, and in Ba Nong Zhuokang, only the ravine behind the barracks had relatively dense green.
Gao Peng, a soldier who has been stationed at the sentry for 6 years, pointed to the ravine and said that this is their back garden. Only in July and August each year can grasses grow slowly. After a while, they all turn yellow and are covered with snow.
Patrol on foot may take about 9 hours.
In the harsh plateau environment, the soldiers stationed here are accompanied by snow mountains and glaciers all year round. They also regularly patrol the mountain pass at higher altitudes.
A few days ago, a patrol consisting of 8 soldiers, led by instructor Liang Yixin, once again embarked on a patrol road.
Each fighter bears about 30 pounds of weight, and advances to the target point early in the morning.
On the way, a soldier was highly anti-combatant, and his comrades gave first aid.
In addition to patrolling missions, the soldiers of the Ba Nong Zhuokang sentry station conduct tactical and physical training every day.
Time passes by one minute and one second, the altitude continues to rise, the oxygen content is getting lower and lower, and the physical strength is constantly overdrawn. These factors test the will of the patrol members.
They clenched their teeth and insisted on crossing several landslides in succession and crossing several urgent and dangerous beaches.
At 16 o'clock, it was lunch time for the patrol members. They took out their own dry food and sat on the ground at an altitude of more than 5700 meters. They accompanied the sleet and supplemented their physical strength with food.
The soldiers at the Barong Zhuokang sentry station conducted tactical and physical training.
During the break, they will play cards together, and losers will do push-ups, which can both entertain and exercise.
After a short break in the cold wind, they climbed to the target point of the patrol, took out the national flag on the mountain pass, and solemnly swore.
Behind them are snow-capped mountains. In front of them are tens of kilometers of uninhabited areas. They are the safest guardians of the country.
Beijing consumer season restarts-Xinhua
According to the principle of "full restart, key planning, orderly advancement, and strict organization", Beijing has restarted various activities of the Beijing consumer season.
On July 26, 1.5 million government and enterprise consumption vouchers were issued, including 1 million offline dining and shopping vouchers and 500,000 smart product vouchers. Consumers can collect them on the Jingdong APP.
Liu Meiying, deputy director of the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Commerce, introduced at a media briefing held on the 25th that the restarted consumer season will further reduce corporate allocation on the basis of maintaining the existing subsidies and subsidies for consumer voucher cards and packages.
Since the beginning of August, the current 1:1 allocation of government and enterprise funding has been adjusted to 2:1. For example, if the original consumer receives a card package and consumes it at the store, he can enjoy a discount of 120 yuan, of which the government subsidies are 60 yuan, and the enterprise makes 60 yuan. The adjusted government subsidy is 80 yuan, and the company makes 40 yuan.
During the consumption season, the three major operators will subsidize traffic and terminals around 5G consumption, further promoting Beijing's new 5G infrastructure and new 5G consumption.
Chen Maobo said that Hong Kong's economy was hit again due to the outbreak of the epidemic, calling on all sectors to work together
China News Agency, Hong Kong, July 26. The Financial Secretary of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Chen Maobo, said on the 26th that Hong Kong is facing a new wave of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic, and the business transactions and economic activities that had previously seen signs of recovery were also hit.
The SAR Government once again appealed to owners of all sizes to reduce rents and to spend time with retailers, restaurants and SMEs.
Chen Maobo published an article entitled "Rugged Road to Recovery" on the Internet that day.
He said that the number of newly diagnosed cases of New Coronary Pneumonia in Hong Kong is high and the situation is grim, which has affected the livelihood of the society and plagued the economy.
When the epidemic situation is repeated, the most important thing is to strictly prevent import cases, and process and interrupt the virus transmission chain as quickly as possible; when the epidemic situation is controlled, economic activities should be resumed accordingly in a timely manner.
He pointed out that in the face of the impact of the new wave of epidemics, business transactions and economic activities that had previously seen signs of recovery were also hit.
For the business community, in addition to the spirit of the contract, social responsibility is also important, especially those groups that have received large government subsidies in the "employment protection plan".
He mentioned that the economic situation in Hong Kong in the second quarter of this year is still very severe, but the contraction seems to have slightly slowed down.
On the export side, he believes that the external situation of Hong Kong is still grim.
Chen Maobo said that the development of Hong Kong over the past few decades shows that every crisis hides new opportunities, and every difficulty hides the key to future development.
The largest earthquake in Taiwan occurred in the eastern waters of Taiwan this year
China News Agency, Taipei, July 26th: An earthquake of magnitude 6.1 on the Richter scale occurred at 20:52 on 26th in the eastern waters of Taiwan, with a maximum magnitude of 4 and a seismic sensation across the station. This is the largest earthquake in Taiwan this year.
Comprehensive media reports from Central News Agency, China Times, and ETtoday News Cloud reported that the Taiwan Meteorological Department reported that the epicenter of the earthquake was 86.5 kilometers southeast of the Yilan County Government, that is, the eastern waters of Taiwan, with a focal depth of 53 kilometers.
China Earthquake Networks determined that the earthquake was 5.5.
The largest earthquakes in the whole area of the whole station are: Hualien County magnitude 4, Yilan County, Taitung County, Nantou County, Yunlin County magnitude 3, and other counties and cities with magnitudes 1 to 2 measured.
The Taiwan Meteorological Department pointed out that this earthquake is the largest in Taiwan since this year and belongs to a subduction zone-type earthquake at the plate boundary. Its epicenter has frequently occurred in the past and has been relatively active since this year.
In the next week, it still cannot rule out the aftershocks of magnitude 4 or above.
Marinichev said that the change in value was affected by the depreciation of the ruble and the epidemic.
He said "Service costs are increasing.
Due to the epidemic, people started to spend more time on the Internet."
Marinychev does not rule out that Internet prices will rise sharply in the year, and believes that operators can provide customers with higher speed and more services to offset people's dissatisfaction with price increases.
"Chinese Doctor" to pay tribute to anti-epidemic heroes-Xinhuanet
Recently, with the respect of Chinese filmmakers to fight against epidemic heroes, Bona Film Group Chairman Yu Dong and director Liu Weiqiang (pictured left) and academician Zhong Nanshan in Guangzhou had a discussion on the production of the anti-epidemic movie "Chinese Doctor".
Bona Films hopes to use "Chinese Doctor" to pay tribute to all the medical and epidemic prevention workers who are fighting on the front line of epidemic prevention and control!
In 2021, the film will be screened nationwide as a gift to celebrate the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China.
Currently, Bona Pictures is under the arrangement of the Central Propaganda Department and the National Film Administration, with the support of the Guangdong Film Bureau and the Hubei Film Bureau, to organize the film "Chinese Captain" to make the film "Chinese Doctor". This is a film reflecting the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee and the people of the whole country to unite to fight the new crown pneumonia epidemic.
Focusing on Wuhan's anti-epidemic line, the film will use Wuhan's medical staff and various provinces and cities' medical aid teams as backgrounds. From the perspective of human nature, it will use unique narrative and powerful lens language to provide a panoramic view of the moving story of the Chinese medical staff full of dedication and sacrifice.
It is understood that on the first day of Wuhan's unblocking, Bona Company overcame many difficulties, sent a team to go to the epidemic front, exchanged face-to-face exchanges with hundreds of medical workers, and collected information. At present, interviews have been made with academician Zhong Nanshan, the first person in Guangzhou Chi aid Wuhan, Guangdong medical aid team, as well as the video of the Jinyitan Hospital in Wuhan, Wuhan Union Hospital, Wuhan Central Hospital, Wuhan Central Hospital, etc.
Academician Zhong Nanshan also put forward expectations and hopes for the filming of the film in this symposium: "I am looking forward to it. I hope that you will not only visit some experts who have made a lot of appearances, but also interview more medical staff working hard on the front line. They are the majority."
He said that he had read "My Motherland" and "Captain of China" before, and thought that it would be good to tell the story of the big pattern from the perspective of ordinary people.
"Now some foreign friends still have some misunderstandings about China."
When talking about the spread of the film, Academician Zhong Nanshan said that currently some people abroad like to label the virus politicized. He hopes that the film can impress the audience from the perspective of humanity: "In addition to screening in China, this film is best to be screened abroad. It is necessary to impress the audience with real humanism in a way that can be understood by domestic and foreign audiences."
Academician Zhong Nanshan also fondly recalled the movie "People to Middle Age" in the 1980s. "After so many years, the most impressive thing about the movie after the reform and opening up was "People to Middle Age". At that time, my doctor friends abroad all cried. If "Chinese Doctor" can play such a role, it will be amazing."
Academician Zhong Nanshan said that if "Chinese Doctor" can resonate with foreign audiences, it will be very successful.
During the discussion and exchange, Academician Zhong Nanshan also shared his opinions and suggestions on the prevention and control of the current international epidemic. "I believe people are always smarter than viruses."
Academician Zhong Nanshan said that although the virus is unpredictable, since the primitive society, humans have survived all kinds of dangers. Nowadays, modern society has developed medical technology and social management measures. In addition, medical personnel around the world and even ordinary people have a basic understanding of the scientific response to the new crown pneumonia epidemic. People will not be as passive as before. "The next thing is to pay attention to two aspects of work. The first is to study how the world strengthens cooperation.
(Reporter Wang Jinyue)
Cultural Tourism "Red Fruit" Gathers in Shaoshan-Xiangtan's First Red Expo Meeting-News Today-Hunan Daily-Huasheng Online
Hunan Daily·New Hunan Client Reporter Jiang Rui Correspondent Xiao Yan
Jiaxing Red Boat Mould, Shaoshan Bronze Statue of Mao Zedong, Yan'an Budui Flower Crafts, Xiangxi Yongshun Bacon... On July 25, the 2020 Hunan Red Tourism Culture Festival opened in Shaoshan.
As one of the main activities, Xiangtan’s first Red Cultural Industry Expo was held in Shaoshan Tourism Consulting and Distribution Center.
The exhibition area is full of red cultural and creative products, and native products from the old revolutionary areas, attracting tourists from all over the world to buy it.
"The Red Expo is not only a showcase of the achievements of the national red cultural industry, but also an important platform for exhibitors and companies to exchange experiences and discuss development paths."
The relevant person in charge of the Executive Committee of the First Red Fair in Xiangtan introduced that the theme of this Red Fair is "Promoting Red Culture and Boosting the Temperature of Cultural Tourism". The total exhibition area is nearly 3,000 square meters. An atmosphere creation area, scenic exhibition exhibition area and red cultural tourism online shopping experience area are set up.
137 enterprises and units from 8 provinces and municipalities including Jiaxing, Zunyi, Guizhou, and Yan'an, Shaanxi, and Changsha, Zhuzhou, Yueyang, Chenzhou, and other places in our province were invited to exhibit. A total of 768 exhibits were exhibited, including red cultural relics, handicrafts, special food products, tourist routes, red training courses, red cultural and creative products, etc.
The exhibition area will be displayed until July 29.
As the host of the Red Expo, the highlights of the Xiangtan exhibition area were numerous.
According to the person in charge of the exhibition area, the Xiangtan exhibition is divided into two parts: red industry and red cultural industry development.
The Red Industrial Zone exhibited 31 exhibits from 6 companies including Hualing Xianggang, Hualing Cable and Xiangdian Power. The Red Culture Industry Development Zone exhibited nearly 200 products from 27 units including Red Series Books, Red Series Foods, and Red Series Cultural and Creative Products.
In the Yan'an exhibition area, many tourists were attracted by Chen Zhanfu's handicrafts and paper-cut artworks.
Ma Dongpo, Director of Yan'an Cultural Tourism Bureau, introduced that the exhibition carefully selected Yan'an's outstanding red cultural and creative products in the past two years, of which 16 products were excellent works of national red cultural and creative products in 2019.
At the same time, they invited national-level intangible cultural heritage protection projects "Ansai Paper-cutting", "Northern Shaanxi Folk Songs" and provincial-level non-heritage projects Yanchuan Budui Painting inheritors, focusing on the promotion of Yan'an folk custom products, and taking this opportunity to communicate with other exhibition units and promote cross-regional cooperation.
Japan's new crown has confirmed more than 30,000 cases-Xinhua
According to statistics, there were 239 newly confirmed cases in Tokyo on the 26th, and more than 200 new cases were added on a single day for 6 consecutive days, with a total of 11,214 cases.
In addition, there were 141 newly confirmed cases in Osaka Prefecture, 90 new cases in Fukuoka Prefecture, and 80 new cases in Aichi Prefecture.
In the first half of the year, telecommunications network fraud crimes rose by 70%
China News Service, July 26. According to the highest prosecution website, in the first half of this year, prosecution agencies across the country prosecuted a total of 58,101 people for fraud, an increase of 35% year-on-year.
Especially among crimes that impede the prevention and control of epidemic situations, fraud crimes occur frequently, and the number of fraud crimes prosecuted by procuratorial organs accounts for 43.4% of the total number of crimes that impede the prevention and control of epidemic situations.
The Supreme People’s Procuratorate conducted targeted guidance. Among the ten batches of typical epidemic prevention and control cases that have been released, there are 9 cases involving fraud.
Judging from the situation of the prosecution in the first half of the year, there are many crimes involving fraud, ranging from national macro policies to people’s clothing, food, housing, and transportation, including epidemic-related fraud, “medical care” fraud, “health care” fraud, “enrollment agency” fraud, “routine loan” fraud, fraudulent government subsidy fraud, national asset defrosting fraud, etc., and continue to “advance, new insurance, etc., continue to promote, new insurance, employment, insurance, etc.
In particular, some telecommunications network frauds have broken through the borders, territories and personnel restrictions, and have the characteristics of stakeholders, cross-border, remote, electronic payment, etc. There are many unspecified victim groups, which are harmful.
For example, some set up special companies, rent high-end office buildings, set up multiple departments or positions, use legal network platforms to promote and recruit, train and evaluate recruiters, adopt enterprise operation mode management, and wear “legal coats”, which is more confusing.
Punishing and preventing crimes in accordance with the law, and issuing early warnings to the public and relevant departments in a timely manner are the unshirkable responsibility of the procuratorate.
In judicial cases, procuratorial organs perform their duties conscientiously, not only insisting on maintaining a high pressure on fraud crimes, but also refining various law enforcement measures in a targeted manner, and promoting social governance by making and issuing procuratorial recommendations.
Procuratorial organs strictly control the facts, evidences, procedures and application of laws of arrests and prosecutions of fraud cases, based on facts and the law as the criterion, so as not to indulge.
Especially for telecommunication network fraud crimes, the core role of electronic data in fact determination is emphasized, and efforts are made to build an evidence chain that mutually confirms between electronic data, verbal evidence, and documentary evidence.
For example, the Yinzhou District Procuratorate of Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province handled a case involving an epidemic-related fraud, and the procuratorate intervened in advance as soon as possible. It only took 5 days from the occurrence of the case to the completion of the case, which reflected the attitude and determination to handle the case quickly and maintain the stability of the overall social situation.
In the process of reviewing arrests and reviewing prosecutions, attention was paid to the prosecution of missed offenders in cases, rectification of 733 arrests by public security organs, and correction of omissions by public security organs in reviewing and prosecuting 1113 offenders.
In the first half of the year, procuratorial organs across the country issued 298 procuratorial suggestions for fraud crimes, promoted joint efforts to prevent fraud crimes, and promoted in-depth governance.
For example, in response to the loopholes in telecommunications network supervision found by the communications companies, banks, intermediary organizations, etc., the Guangdong Procuratorate of Guangzhou and the Dongguan Procuratorate promptly put forward procuratorial suggestions, urging relevant units to strengthen supervision and improve mechanisms to promote the construction of a long-term system.
The fourth is to do a good job in recovering losses.
Procuratorial organs around the country seize the important steps of intervening in the investigation and guidance of evidence collection, review and prosecution, urge the investigative organs to actively recover the stolen money, cooperate with the relevant departments to do a good job in recovering the stolen money, and strive to minimize the economic losses caused by fraud crimes to the people.
For example, in the case of Lin Ximou's road loan case handled by the Beijing Procuratorate, the case involved 22 properties waiting for seizure. In the case where the property may be disposed of in other cases, the company first issued a “suspension execution letter” and sent it to the relevant court in a timely manner. It was recommended that the seizure court should suspend the execution of the property involved in the case and deal with it after the facts of the crime were identified. Make the best efforts to recover the property involved and recover the loss of the victim.
The prosecutor reminded everyone to be very vigilant against fraud crimes, and don't expect "pie in the sky", nor do you believe in cheapness, and keep your "money bag."
Jina Town, Weining County, Guizhou Province: Apple trees dwarfed, poverty alleviation road widened
2020-07-26 11:42:58 Source: China Economic Net Author: Zhu Yanjing Responsible Editor: Zhu Yanjing
The scorching heat, Economic Daily-China Economic Net reporter walked into Zhonghai Village, Jena Town, Weining County, Guizhou Province.
Under the scorching sun, villager Li Yuanzhong was weeding the grass in the base. Although his face was red, he hummed a few small songs from time to time.
Weining County, where the town is located, has low latitude, high altitude, sufficient sunlight, and a large temperature difference between day and night. The apples produced have high sugar content and good taste. They have a certain reputation in the surrounding areas, but because of their small size and many spots, they have not been able to sell a good price and failed to form an industrial scale.
The town of Yina used to be a poor township with "Bao Gu Potatoes in Spring and Autumn". The local poverty incidence rate was as high as 25.8% 10 years ago.
In the critical period of combating poverty and entering a decisive battle, it is imminent to change traditional planting habits, adjust industrial structure, and increase farmers' income.
Chen Chao, secretary of the party committee of the town, and a group of people in the town, after many visits, believed that the development of the industry could no longer go the old way.
To this end, the town of Naina introduced leading enterprises to grow apples in a modern way.
Hou Jianwen, deputy general manager of Weining Chaoyue Agriculture Co., Ltd., came to Yina Town from Shaanxi in 2015 to investigate. At first glance, he saw the local planting conditions. He started planting apple trees in 2016.
At first, the village mobilized Li Yuanzhong to transfer the land to plant apple trees. The Li Yuanzhong couple murmured in their hearts: "I have grown apples for so many years, and I haven't seen anyone in the village grow rich by growing apples."
"All the apples planted are dwarf apples, and the apple tree will not grow too high."
What Li Yuanzhong did not expect was that this time apple cultivation adopted a new method. An irrigation hose was laid under each apple tree, and water and fertilizer were poured together on the roots. When harvesting fruit in autumn, the tractor drove directly into the orchard and stood to pick the fruit.
At present, the apple base has gradually entered a period of high yield, and the market is as Hou Jianwen expected. Apple is not worried about selling, and it is loved by consumers in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and other cities.
The growing apple industry has brought new changes to Li Yuanzhong's life. Although he is still farming, he has a new source of income.
More than 9 acres of land in Li Yuanzhong’s family were transferred to the Apple base. In addition to the guaranteed land transfer fee, there are profit dividends after the fruit is attached. The couple usually works in the base. "One person can get 80 yuan a day and work hard all year round."
Li Yuanzhong told reporters that last year's profit dividend received more than 2,800 yuan, plus land transfer fees and the income of the couple's work, the income of a family is more than 80,000 yuan, "don't worry about food and clothing, the life of a well-off life has passed."
"At present, the initial results have been achieved. The annual output value of 1 mu of apples exceeds 15,000 yuan, which is about 10 times that of planting corn."
Chen Chao told reporters that the town currently has 20,000 acres of apples grown in Zhonghai Village, covering 6,000 acres in Zhonghai Village alone, covering 4,056 households with 17,200 people, including 656 households with poverty-stricken households and 2,952 people. The salary is more than 6 million yuan a year. It has truly realized the construction of the base at the door of the house and does not need to go outside to work.
Li Yuanzhong, whose pockets are gradually bulging, also began to realize his "wish".
This year's Lunar New Year, Li Yuanzhong bought an off-road vehicle. For example, if he drives a car to work today, "there are still more than a dozen acres of land at home. When the Apple base is expanded in the next step, all of them will be transferred to them, and the income will be more."
Economic Daily-China Economic Net reporter Wu Bingze Niu Jin Wang Xinwei
Membrane separation technology helps to crack the "greenhouse effect"-chinanews
Membrane separation technology helps solve the "greenhouse effect"
Schematic diagram of new hybrid matrix membrane preparation technology
Reporter Shangrui reported: Recently, the Tianjin University Atmospheric Environment and Bioenergy team has made significant progress on the "membrane separation method for capturing carbon dioxide", and has successfully developed a new mixed matrix membrane preparation technology to greatly improve the carbon dioxide capture performance of membrane materials.
Related achievements have been published as cover articles in the international journal "Greenhouse Gases: Science and Technology".
The "greenhouse effect" is a major environmental problem that plagues human development, and carbon dioxide emissions are the culprit of the "greenhouse effect."
How to efficiently capture and use carbon dioxide emitted by humans is the focus of scientists.
"Membrane separation method" is an emerging carbon dioxide capture technology, which separates carbon dioxide gas with the help of membrane materials, and has the characteristics of high efficiency, energy saving and simple operation.
How to make the membrane material "breathe deeply" and improve the efficiency of gas separation is the bottleneck of the membrane separation method to capture carbon dioxide.
The research team of Tianjin University has innovated ideas and explored the effects of different solvents on membrane gas separation performance through repeated experiments.
The experimental results show that with N-methylpyrrolidone as the preparation solvent, the distribution of carbon nanotubes in the produced membrane material is more uniform and "more breathable", which effectively improves the gas separation efficiency and rate of the membrane material.
With the mixed matrix membrane prepared by this new technology, the carbon dioxide separation performance is close to the theoretical upper limit of the current separation of such membrane materials.
"New technology provides new ideas for membrane separation to capture carbon dioxide."
Li Run, a member of the atmospheric environment and bioenergy team at Tianjin University, said: "We hope this technology will provide strong support for future coal-fired power plants and chemical companies to deal with flue gas, and play a major role in the control of greenhouse gas emissions."
Before volunteering to fill in the report, first understand what is a professional grade difference
2020-07-27 02:22:36 Source: Chongqing Morning News Author: Yu Xiao Editor in charge: Yu Xiao
Before volunteering to fill in the report, first understand what a professional grade is
Every year, when applying for college entrance examination volunteers, there are students or parents who do not understand the terms involved in the voluntary report, which in turn affects the voluntary report.
This year, five universities including Beijing Jiaotong University, Beijing University of Science and Technology, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Beijing Forestry University, and Beijing University of Chemical Technology jointly announced the 2020 admissions policy to abolish professional grade differences.
What does the grade difference mean, and what is the significance in voluntary reporting?
There are three ways of professional distribution rules
Experts reminded that before filling in the volunteers, you must read the "Admissions Charter" of your favorite school to understand the admission rules of colleges and universities, including the ratio of file adjustment, the rules of professional allocation, etc.
The professional distribution rules refer to the following three methods: professional priority, score priority, and professional grade difference.
The specific method used by colleges and universities will be clarified in the "Enrollment Regulations".
However, there are also some colleges whose admission principle is that total scores take precedence and there is no grade difference between majors.
That is to say, the candidates in the admission range are queued according to the total score. When the score does not reach the first professional voluntary admission score line, it is determined whether the second professional voluntary admission score line is reached, and so on until the last professional volunteer is admitted. There is no difference between the professional volunteers.
The so-called "professional grade difference" means that when the college arranges the majors of candidates, it determines the admission major of the volunteer candidates of different majors according to one or several score values published in the enrollment charter. This score value is the "professional grade difference".
That is, the difference between the scores of colleges and universities in the admission of candidates' first professional and non-first professional volunteers, and the number of grade differences between the volunteers of each major, such as 3 points, 2 points, 1 point, etc.
For example.
Assuming that the student Xiaoming applied for A college and scored 560 points, his professional volunteers were: computer, international trade, automation, mechanical engineering, e-commerce, and the professional admission method of A college was graded with a grade difference of 2 points, 1 point, 1 point, and 0 points.
In the professional allocation, if Xiaoming’s first professional volunteer meets the professional admission requirements and the professional has a planned balance, then Xiaoming will be admitted to the “computer” major; if the computer is not admitted, his score will be reduced by 2 points, and the score of 558 points is the same as that of the first professional volunteer to apply for “international trade” to determine whether it meets the professional admission requirements. If it still cannot be met, the score will be deducted by 1 (if the score is not satisfied).
Different universities have different grades
With the popularization of parallel volunteering, many colleges and universities have now canceled the professional grade difference, but some colleges and universities still retained this method this year. Judging from the "Admissions Charter" announced by various schools, there are mainly more than 20 universities set professional grade differences this year.
For example, Sichuan Agricultural University, Shandong University of Science and Technology, Heilongjiang University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Jiangsu University of Science and Technology, Jiangxi Normal University, Chengdu Medical College, Northeast Dianli University, Jimei University, Nanjing Medical University, Nanjing University of Technology, Ningxia University, Shandong University of Technology, China Civil Aviation Flight School, etc.
In these colleges and universities, each university has a different level of specialization.
Some colleges and universities have grade differences in each major, such as Ningxia University. Candidates whose files have been submitted to the school, according to the order in which the candidates fill in the professional volunteers, are decremented by 1 point and then admitted according to the score.
Some universities set different levels of majors between different majors.
For example, Jimei University, the total professional grade difference is 4 points, that is, the difference between the first professional volunteer and other professional volunteers is 3 points, there is no difference between other professional volunteers, which is regarded as parallel volunteers, and the professional grade difference between other professional volunteers and transfer volunteers is 1 point.
When filling in the application, candidates and parents must carefully read the admission policy of the reported school to see if there is a professional grade difference and what the form of the grade difference is, while fully considering the scores, it is also necessary to analyze the schools and majors to be selected reasonably. If the college clearly adopts the grade difference method for admission in the enrollment charter, candidates should pay attention to the gradients between the majors and increase the chances of admission.
Chongqing Morning News·Upstream News Reporter Lin Qi
This year's first Atlantic hurricane landed in Texas, hit by the epidemic
The National Hurricane Center announced that Hurricane Hannah reached a speed of 145 kilometers per hour that morning. It is expected that next Monday it will cause heavy rainfall in southern Texas and northeastern Mexico, which will cause rapid flooding.
At present, with the gradual advancement to land, the customs have weakened. Although there is a power outage in some areas, there are no casualty statistics.
Some local officials in Texas are preparing for a tornado that is likely to occur along the coast.
President Trump said through Twitter that the office is closely monitoring the development of Hurricane Hannah and Hurricane Douglas Hawaii, and called on the public to listen to the emergency management information of the local government to protect families and property.
At the same time, the new crown epidemic in Texas is also rapidly deteriorating, and the number of infections has continued to soar, with more than 390,000 people diagnosed with infections and more than 5,000 deaths.
When the hurricane strikes, the government will face the double problem of housing the homeless while preventing the epidemic from deteriorating again.
Established a special committee for the first time, signed a "long contract" collectively, and joined the Exhibitors' Union of the 3rd Expo to build a "connection link"-Xinhua
The scene of the first meeting of the Exhibitors' Union of the 3rd China International Expo in Shanghai on July 26th.
Xinhua News Agency, Shanghai, July 26 (Reporter Zhou Rui) On the 26th, the Exhibitors Union of the Third Import Expo set up a professional committee for the first time here. The first batch of established special committees included the Public Health and Epidemic Prevention Committee and the Dairy Industry Special Committee. 35 member companies also signed a three-year long-term exhibition cooperation memorandum.
At the first meeting of the Exhibitors' Union of the Third China World Expo held here on the 26th, a group of member companies of Hyundai, Dow Chemical, Shiseido, New Zealand, New Zealand, Siemens, Michelin, France, and AstraZeneca signed a three-year long-term participation memorandum of cooperation. The revised and improved regulations of the exhibition are also announced for the first time.
The scene of the establishment ceremony of the Dairy Professional Committee photographed in Shanghai on July 26.
According to the latest regulations, Zhanmeng will introduce the rotation mechanism of the leading unit to strengthen the function of the special committee.
The Special Committee will make recommendations for industry development trend analysis and promote sustainable development of the industry.
At the same time, the integration of the industry's entire industry chain resources to promote the participation of related companies to participate in the Expo will build the Expo into an industry gathering place.
The establishment of the Public Health and Epidemic Prevention Committee for the first time is particularly important for the fight against the new coronary pneumonia epidemic.
As the vice chairman unit of the Public Health and Epidemic Prevention Committee of the Third Expo, Qiu Jianping, general manager of Abbott's rapid diagnosis business in Greater China, said that in the next step, Abbott will work with more industry partners to explore new solutions and cooperation models to help China and the world fight the new coronary pneumonia epidemic.
The scene of the establishment ceremony of the Public Health and Epidemic Prevention Professional Committee photographed in Shanghai on July 26.
It is reported that the third public expo set up a public health and epidemic prevention zone for the first time. Up to now, nearly 50 global companies have signed up for the exhibition, and the exhibition area exceeds 10,000 square meters.
During the first Expo in 2018, the Exhibitors Alliance was established by the exhibitors on its own initiative. It aims to become a platform for high-quality exhibitors to exchange and cooperate, to connect all parties to the information and resource sharing platform, as well as a think-tank platform to promote economic and trade exchanges and development between China and other countries (regions).
Up to now, 142 companies have joined the Exhibitor Union, covering 23 countries and regions around the world.
Belgian 3-year-old girl dies of New Coronavirus infection-Xinhua
The Belgian health department said on the 24th that a 3-year-old girl died of a new coronavirus infection and is the youngest death case in the country.
Belgian health department spokesman Budwin Catri said that the girl had other serious diseases before being infected with the new coronavirus; in addition to the girl, an 18-year-old young man recently died of new coronavirus infection.
Catri said that 85% of the newly diagnosed new crowns in Belgium were under 60 years old last week.
He reminded healthy and young people not to be taken lightly.
"Although it is rare for young people to die from infection with the new coronavirus, no one is immune now."
Last week, the number of newly diagnosed cases of new crowns in Belgium increased by 89% compared with the previous week, with an average of 2.9 deaths per day due to new crown virus infections, higher than the average of 1.7 persons in the previous week.
During the peak of the European epidemic, the proportion of new coronavirus infections among the Belgian population was "top of Europe".
Belgium has a population of more than 11 million.
The latest data shows that 64,847 people in Belgium have been infected with the new coronavirus.
Cathar warned earlier this week that people must take action before the snowball rolls over and eventually causes an "avalanche."
In order to curb the rebound of the epidemic, Belgian Prime Minister Sophie Vermes announced on the 23rd that the relevant regulations for people to wear masks in public places will be stricter, and the plan to further lift restrictive measures in August will also be suspended.
(Guo Qian) [Xinhua News Agency Micro Feature]
1 case of asymptomatic infection imported from abroad in Jiangsu
China News Service, July 26. According to the official Weibo news of the Jiangsu Provincial Health Commission, there were no newly diagnosed cases in Jiangsu on July 25 from 0-24 o'clock.
As of 24:00 on July 25, the province has reported a total of 655 confirmed cases (including 24 imported cases abroad). Except for one imported confirmed case that was isolated and treated in designated hospitals, the rest have been discharged.
One new case of asymptomatic infection imported from abroad was added on the same day.
As of 24:00 on July 25th, 4 cases of asymptomatic infections that were under centralized isolation and medical management were imported from abroad.
At present, the province has tracked 14,084 close contacts of confirmed cases and asymptomatic infections, 13,943 have been dismissed from medical observation, and 141 are still undergoing medical observation.
[Edit: Chen Haifeng]
Xinhua News Agency, Hong Kong, July 25. The Director of the Commerce and Economic Development Bureau of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region, Qiu Tenghua, said on the 25th that all APEC member economies must act in concert to fight epidemic and promote economic recovery, and should avoid establishing unnecessary trade barriers in accordance with the rights and obligations set by the World Trade Organization.
Qiu Tenghua made the above remarks when he participated in the video conference of the Minister of Trade against the New Coronary Pneumonia epidemic held on the 25th by the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC).
At this meeting, the participating ministers exchanged views on APEC's response to the impact of the new coronary pneumonia epidemic and the substantive options that can be taken to promote economic recovery in the region.
Qiu Tenghua said that the public health and economic crisis triggered by the epidemic had unprecedented far-reaching impacts on society and the economy.
"We are in a double battle and we must defeat the epidemic before we can recover the economy.
We must have a clear goal. Viruses are our common enemy. Only cooperation can achieve victory, otherwise it will only fail."
Qiu Tenghua said that the series of trade restrictions caused by the new coronary pneumonia outbreak will not help control the outbreak.
Trade is a key recipe for solving the current problems and should not be regarded as the problem.
He condemned all discriminatory and differentiated policy measures, and urged all economies to keep their borders open at this critical moment, maintain smooth supply chain operations, and avoid establishing trade barriers or adopting irrational trade policies.
414,000 new crown cases diagnosed in Florida, the second most serious state in the US
China News Service, July 26th. According to a comprehensive report, the website of Johns Hopkins University in the United States showed that as of around 8:34 on the 26th, Beijing time, Florida reported more than 414,000 confirmed cases of new crowns, more than 411,000 in New York State, and became the second largest "endemic area" in the United States after California.
The Florida Department of Health said on the 25th that Florida reported 124 deaths on the 24th.
This is the tenth time that the number of daily deaths in Florida has exceeded 100 since the start of the new crown pandemic.
It is reported that the total number of cases in Miami-Dade County, Florida, where the epidemic is most severe, has exceeded 100,000.
There are currently 8974 new crown inpatients in Florida, of which 1874 are in Miami Dade.
Since July 4, the number of inpatients in the state's new crown has increased by 79%.
Since the first US state reopened on April 24, 91,000 lives have been taken away by the new crown.
According to data provided by Johns Hopkins University, the total number of confirmed diagnoses reported in the United States has reached 4.176 million, with at least 146,000 deaths.
People from Chengdu gather around the US consulate to stop people from "looking too happy"
In response to the US closing the Chinese Consulate General in Houston, China announced on Friday the closure of the US Consulate General in Chengdu.
On Saturday, the badge of the US consulate was removed, and on Sunday, a dark glass car drove away from the consulate in the boos of passers-by.
Many people from Chengdu gathered to take photos in front of the US consulate on Sunday. Those who hadn't come were also driven by curiosity about current affairs.
A reporter from the Chengdu Station of Agence France-Presse also visited the American consulate in Chengdu to observe it. There were reports that curious people were in an endless stream, and many parents took their children to walk to watch the consulate, take photos of the building, or take selfies.
The consulate was surrounded by guards. From time to time, the police "corrected" people's behavior. They seemed to not allow any outrageous behavior: a woman was stopped just after she was preparing to sing a red song, and a guard confiscated a banner.
But residents of a nearby residential building successfully pulled up a giant Chinese flag on their balcony and shouted slogans in support of China.
The American Consulate in Chengdu opened in 1985 and covers all US consular matters in southwest China, especially the Tibet Autonomous Region.
Agence France-Presse reporter at Chengdu Station said that the Chinese government's response to the United States is relatively restrained: many Chinese people online asked the government to close the US consulate in Hong Kong, but the official only said that "closing the Chengdu US consulate is a necessary and legal response to unreasonable US actions."
In addition to Chengdu, the United States also has Chinese consulates in Guangdong, Shanghai, Shenyang, Wuhan, and Hong Kong in China.
Large-scale financial media action "Let's go live in the village to see poverty alleviation" set off-today's news-Hunan Daily-Huasheng Online
Hunan Daily, New Hunan Client, July 25 (Reporter) On July 25, the large-scale financial media action "Going Live in the Village and Watching Poverty Alleviation" hosted by the Financial Program Center of the Central Radio and Television Station departed from Xuzhou, Jiangsu. Two caravans carrying 5G new media mobile cloud production and broadcasting systems were sent to the scene by the guests and slowly drove to the scene.
General Secretary Xi Jinping pointed out: "2020 is a landmark year. We will build a well-off society in an all-round way and achieve the goal of the first century of struggle. 2020 will also be a year of decisive battle against poverty."
The large-scale financial media action "Going Live in the Village and Watching Poverty Alleviation" is an important measure of the Central Radio and Television Central Financial and Economic Program Center to cope with this major theme and do a good job in promoting poverty alleviation.
The action will walk into poverty alleviation villages in more than 20 provinces, autonomous regions, and municipalities directly under the Central Government, dig out fresh stories of poverty alleviation, and see how villages and villages change dramatically, showing how villagers have broken through the dilemma of survival and development and are on the road to prosperity.
This operation will last for more than 3 months.
The reporter departed from Xuzhou, divided into two roads, taking the southwest route all the way, passing Anhui, Hubei, Jiangxi, Hunan, Guangxi, Guizhou, Sichuan, Chongqing, Yunnan, Tibet and other places; the other route was taking the northwest route, passing Henan, Shaanxi, Gansu, Qinghai, Xinjiang, Ningxia, Inner Mongolia, Shanxi, Hebei and other places, with a journey of more than 10,000 kilometers.
In terms of reporting format, "Let's Live in the Village to Watch Out of Poverty" is a bold fusion.
The economic development of the villages visited by the caravans will be broadcasted through CCTV Financial Channel of CCTV, CCTV Economic Voice, China Communications Radio and CCTV New Media.
Among them, the live TV broadcast will be mainly completed on the midday news program "World Finance" of CCTV Finance Channel (first broadcast time: Monday to Sunday 12:00-13:00), the CCTV Finance Channel's golden news column "Economic Information Network" will open a poverty alleviation report column (first broadcast time: Monday to Sunday 20:30-21:30).
At the same time, the caravan will broadcast live for up to one hour on each CCTV Finance client. The audience can watch the live broadcast and participate in the lottery by downloading the CCTV Finance APP.
In terms of technology application and studio design, "Going Live in the Village and Watching Poverty Alleviation" has the courage to make breakthroughs and pioneered the "outfield new media caravan."
The car is equipped with a 5G new media mobile cloud production and broadcast system, using 5G 4K/8K AI technology to achieve an organic combination of online and offline, large and small screens, and TV broadcasting.
It is equipped with a three-information broadcasting area. The broadcasting area is converted from a container, with a length of 12 meters, a width of 2.55 meters, and a height of 3.98 meters. The box body adopts a hydraulic automatic deployment structure, which can be turned up to 120 degrees.
The performance area can also be automatically expanded and connected to an expansion platform with an area of more than 50 square meters, which can meet the scene requirements of most programs.
At present, Dongchuan District of Kunming City is already hot in summer, and the hotter than the weather is the poverty alleviation workshop next to the relocation site.
Lu Ling, an employee of Kunming Asford Electronic Technology Co., said, "Now, as soon as you go out, you enter the factory. You can make money and go home, thanks to free vocational skills training organized by trade unions."
Walking into the poverty alleviation workshop of electronic component processing in Tongdu Street, Dongchuan District, the bustling picture of the bustling people came into view.
Lu Ling, a 40-year-old mother, is a single mother. She takes her children alone and takes care of her elderly parents.
When she was in the most difficult time, Dongchuan District Federation of Trade Unions helped to come up with ideas to find a way to "send charcoal in the snow" before running.
From 2018, Lv Ling has received assistance policies such as housing, schooling, social security, and employment, as well as assistance payments from trade unions at all levels.
This year, her child has successfully graduated and found employment. She also got a job and income after attending skills training, and she was out of trouble at the end of April.
It is reported that the Dongchuan District General Organization's special skills training project to help alleviate poverty is a part of the skills training of the Yunnan Federation of Trade Unions.
Based on the characteristics of the staff in difficulty in the poverty alleviation and relocation sites in the district, the district has conducted an in-depth investigation to understand the training needs and determined the types of training. In the near future, it is planned to train a total of 450 people including electricians, welders and pastry chefs.
Recently, Li Yi, an employee of the Agricultural Bank of Yunnan Menglian County Sub-branch, wrote a sincere thank-you letter to the County Federation of Trade Unions.
In the letter, she sincerely thanked the union for the golden autumn grant from August 2013 to January 2017 to help her complete her studies.
In 2004, Li Yi’s father died in a car accident, and his mother was included in the file of difficult employees. Since then, he has been enjoying the care of the policy of establishing a card.
With the help of the local labor union, Li Yi successfully completed his studies.
Since 2016, 3809 households have been lifted out of poverty through system guarantees and precise assistance.
The successful relief of the Lu Ling family and Li Yi is a microcosm of the Yunnan Trade Union's efforts to promote the relief of difficult employees.
According to Duan Kaiyuan, a member of the Law and Rights Protection Department of the Yunnan Provincial Federation of Trade Unions, the Provincial General Manager strengthens the dynamic management of the files of employees in difficulty, promotes the normalization of file-building work, and promptly incorporates the employees who meet the requirements for file-building into the support system; expands the application channels for employees in difficulty and uses WeChat to open an online application service platform for employees in difficulty to facilitate the timely declaration of employees in need.
During the epidemic, it was difficult for migrant workers to work out. In order to help relieve the stress of the employees in the filed, Yunnan Province arranged a total of more than 13 million yuan to send warm funds. According to the standard of 2000 yuan per household for the filed employees in the national level and 1500 yuan per household for the filed employees in the provincial level, a special warm condolences activity was carried out for more than 6000 national and 1000 employees in filed.
At the same time, the Provincial General Manager docks with various Internet recruitment platforms such as the Human Resources Department and Zhilian Recruitment, pushes recruitment information to employees in need, and provides employment consulting, employment guidance and other services.
