Xinhua Commentary: Turn outstanding migrant workers into rural revitalization forces - Xinhua English.news.cn
Rural revitalization, talent is the key.
Where to find talent?
Excellent migrant workers are an indispensable force.
Xinhua News Agency Shang Haichun
Xinhua News Agency, Chengdu, July 26th: Make excellent returning migrant workers into a new force for rural revitalization
Zhang Xiong, 34, lives in Guoyuan Village, Meishan City, Sichuan Province.
After several years of hard work, now he operates a grape growing family farm with an annual income of more than one million yuan, becoming a famous leader in getting rich, and was selected to enter the village "two committees" team.
In recent years, under the encouragement of a series of policies to support and benefit agriculture, such as national poverty alleviation and rural revitalization, more and more outstanding migrant workers like Zhang Xiong have chosen to return to their hometowns to start businesses, activating a pool of spring water in the countryside.
In 2019 alone, more than 8,000 village party branch secretaries were generated from the excellent migrant workers, and 61,000 village reserve forces were cultivated. More than 20,000 party members have been developed, providing a strong guarantee for winning the battle against poverty and implementing the rural revitalization strategy.
Well-off is not well-off, the key to see fellow.
Since the reform and opening up, a large number of young and middle-aged laborers in rural areas have gone out to work to increase their income, and some have established their own enterprises through hard work.
However, objectively, it has also led to the emergence of rural “hollowing” to varying degrees, especially the weakening of rural grass-roots organizations.
If the rural talents and other factors have been one-way flow to the city, the countryside has long been in a state of "blood loss" and "anemia", and revitalization is an empty talk.
Attracting those migrant workers who have the ability, consciousness and ambition to serve their hometowns back, guide them to return to their hometowns to start businesses and become rich leaders, select the best to train them into party members and rural cadres, and enrich the grassroots cadres.
Excellent migrant workers attracted back, but also let them retain, do a good job.
In recent years, Sichuan has begun to pay close attention to the party building of migrant workers. On the basis of strict selection criteria, it has established systems and mechanisms for excellent migrant workers, such as directional introduction, service guarantee, training and capacity improvement, and selection and use, so that they can improve their ability, work security, and life. Hope, really take root in the countryside, and have a sense of achievement in entrepreneurship.
This year is the final year of the decisive battle against poverty. Talent is a key factor in the connection between poverty alleviation and rural revitalization.
Party committees and governments at all levels should attach great importance to the group of excellent returning migrant workers, and through comprehensive measures, build them into a work team and new force that can be retained, fought, and cannot be taken away, so as to provide strong organizational guarantee and talent support for rural poverty alleviation and development and revitalization.
Because of the epidemic, this year's college graduates are very special. On the evening of July 11, the bilibili summer graduation song will bring a special online live performance to the graduates.
The well-known up master SealWu Wu Yifan also brought a "Wild Grass", which is a rap song adapted from Lu Xun's prose poetry collection of the same name, which is very popular among young people.
Due to the epidemic situation, many graduates failed to experience the sense of ceremony of dialing the ear and conferring the degree certificate on the spot, so they transferred the sense of ceremony to the online.
The data shows that the 2.5-hour song will have a peak popularity of more than 35 million live broadcasts.
“Follow your heart, seize the opportunity, don’t care about the consequences, sometimes there will be unexpected gains.”
Although it is a graduation song, many songs also touched non-graduates.
"The whole scene really wants to cry. Who's youth is full of beauty and regret, but they are all worth remembering, and they must go on bravely."
Beijing's natural ecology continues to improve, attracting more than 500 kinds of wildlife cities to "settlement"
2020-07-26 05:03:17 Source: Beijing Youth Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Responsible Editor: Wang Sishuo
The capital's natural ecology continues to improve, attracting wildlife cities to "settlement"
More than 500 species of wild animals in Beijing
Beijing Youth Daily reporter learned from the Municipal Landscaping Bureau that in recent years, with the continuous improvement of the capital's natural ecological environment, the types and quantities of wild animals have continued to increase.
At present, the terrestrial vertebrate wildlife inhabiting Beijing has increased to more than 500 species, including first-class protected animals such as brown horse chicken and black stork, as well as national second-class protected animals such as goala, big swan, gray crane and mandarin duck.
Whether it is planted in an urban forest in the second ring road, or a small wetland embedded between buildings, it not only brings the wild interest of nature to the citizens of the capital, but also attracts wild animals to "settle" in the city.
In midsummer, the Songshan National Nature Reserve, located in the Yanshan Mountains in the northwest of Yanqing District, is full of vitality.
A raccoon was playing leisurely by the side of the mountain, and two dog badgers were playing with each other.
Hu Qiaoli, director of the management office of Songshan National Nature Reserve, said that by the end of 2019, in this green sea with a total area of more than 6,200 hectares, there are 178 kinds of wild animals, including national first-class protected animals, golden eagles, national second-class protected animals, spoon chickens and goblins, and nearly one-third of the city's wildlife species can be seen here.
"In Songshan, wild animals are the real 'masters', and our staff can only be regarded as 'bodyguards' at best."
Hu Qiaoli said that in order to understand the situation of wild animals and plants in the reserve, more than 30 professional patrol members patrol along 16 carefully formulated protection routes every day.
“During the inspections, not only should we check and record biodiversity, but also check the installation of artificial bird nests, rescue injured wildlife, install field infrared cameras and so on.”
More than 200 infrared cameras have been installed in Songshan National Nature Reserve to record the living conditions of wild animals in the forest.
Hu Qiaoli introduced that with the continuous enrichment of biodiversity in the reserve in recent years, more and more wild animals have appeared in the lens.
Zhang Zhiming, director of the Wildlife, Plant and Wetland Protection Division of the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Landscaping, introduced that the number of terrestrial vertebrate wildlife in Beijing has increased from 461 species in 1994 to more than 500 today.
The sight of wild animals in cities is becoming more and more common, which is closely related to the continuous upgrading of greening in capital cities in recent years.
In particular, the new round of afforestation and greening construction of one million mu, which began in 2018, proposes to reshape the urban ecological environment, improve the ecological function of forest land and green space, and highlight the concept of "near nature".
In the planning, we strive to achieve interconnection and interaction with the surrounding green space, which is convenient for wild animals to “visit relatives and friends”.
Black soil "plants" agricultural modernization - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Harbin, July 26th: Black land "plants" agricultural modernization
In the midsummer, two spraying planes flew past the 10,000-mu high-yield demonstration field of the second operation station of the fifth management area of Friendship Farm, forming two white lines. The characters of "the first field in the world" planted with black rice seedlings in the green fields were particularly eye-catching.
Kong Lingqiang, director of the operation station, said that the aircraft can spray pesticides on more than 6,000 acres of arable land a day, and the efficiency is about 8 times that of drones and hundreds of times that of manual labor.
This farm is located in Youyi County, Heilongjiang Province, China's first major grain-producing province.
In addition to aircraft, satellites are also used in the modern agricultural production of Friendship Farm.
Kong Lingqiang introduced that on the one hand, they use satellite remote sensing technology to achieve precise fertilization, reduce agricultural input and reduce pollution; on the other hand, satellite navigation technology can improve the level of standardized operation in agricultural fields.
During this year's rice production, the farm expanded the operating area of the satellite-navigated driverless rice transplanting technology to 30,000 mu from 3,000 mu last year.
This technology allows seedlings to be planted more evenly, maximizes the use of sunlight and cultivated land resources, and saves 16 yuan per mu in labor costs.
The farm has tried new technologies such as informatization and intelligence in agricultural production, and has formed the largest agricultural machinery group in China from the ground to the sky.
According to statistics, the total number of agricultural machinery in the farm is 49,000 units (pieces), and the comprehensive mechanization rate in the field is 99.8%.
Agricultural machinery operations achieve 100% GPS satellite navigation, 100% precision planting in dry fields, and 100% high-horsepower locomotive operations in dry fields.
"Green agriculture, smart agriculture, and digital agriculture are the directions of agricultural modernization."
Liu Hualian, director of Friendship Farm.
The key to agricultural modernization is scientific and technological progress.
In recent years, Heilongjiang Agricultural Reclamation, represented by farms, has played a demonstration and leading role in modern large-scale agriculture, and has initially established a modern agricultural industrial system dominated by large-scale planting, standardized production and industrialized management.
In the suburbs of Youyi County, there is an agricultural machinery expo park covering an area of 350,000 square meters.
There are more than 140 sets (pieces) of agricultural machinery introduced and used by Heilongjiang Agricultural Reclamation over the years.
These agricultural machinery and farms have witnessed the development of China's agricultural modernization.
Home for everyone - Hefei Jiangkouhe Lianwei Mass Transfer Direct Attack - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Hefei, July 26th. Title: Letting the small home for everyone - The transfer of the masses of Jiangkouhe Union, Hefei, Anhui Province
Xinhua News Agency reporters Chen Shangying, Wang Liwu and Liu Xiachun
At 4 p.m. on July 25, Fu Kunbao wore muddy rubber shoes from the front room to the back room, and his wife Zhou Yan was busy packing things back and forth.
“I got a call from the village cadres to transfer, and I was still in the field.”
Fu Kunbao said that he has transferred more than 60 mu of land and planted rice, and now it is growing well.
Fu Kunbao pointed to the pesticide sprayer in the corner, "No one wants their home to be flooded, let's leave the small family for everyone."
In order to cope with the continuous high water pressure and possible heavy rainfall in Chaohu, Hefei, Anhui Province, is preparing to use the Jiangkou River joint floodwater storage where Fu Kunbao's home is located on the 26th.
Jiangkou River Lianwei is located in Feixi County, close to the Chaohu levee.
Thousands of villagers in Yandian Township and Sanhe Township need to be relocated.
As of 16:00 on the 25th, the water level of Chaohu Lake, the fifth largest freshwater lake in China, remained at a high of 13.2 meters, 0.7 meters above the guaranteed water level.
Fu Kunbao's kitchen was clean and tidy, with a pot of pumpkin head vegetables on the table, eggs and some braised vegetables in the refrigerator.
"I didn't expect to move, the water of Jiangkou River looks good at present."
Zhou Yan said that the home is a bungalow, some large objects have not yet thought about where to put.
“Put your valuables away first, and you can temporarily put the refrigerator, TV, and other large items at the high-lying neighbors or relatives’ homes.”
Wang Liwen, a village cadre, gave Fu Kunbao an idea.
Wang Liwen is responsible for the transfer and resettlement of 13 households, and each household will notify each household to confirm the resettlement plan for each person.
The nearest resettlement site from Fu Kunbao's home is Su Xiao Primary School in Yandian Township, about 2 kilometers away.
In addition to large items, Fu Kunbao and his wife have a headache and more than 1,000 kilograms of food at home and some new furniture.
“The food is ready to be dragged to a relative’s house, and the furniture can’t be moved.”
The couple discussed a stool under the newly bought bed and raised the bed about half a meter.
At 6 pm, Fu Kunbao began to use a tricycle to transport things to relatives, and Zhou Yan continued to pack at home.
At 11 o'clock in the evening, the couple looked back and forth at home, pulled the power switch, and prepared to go to the resettlement point.
"Hopefully the water will come back soon."
Fu Kunbao said.
At 9:30 a.m. on July 26, the reporter saw at the scene of Jiangkouhe Lianwei that the local area had made various preparations before flood diversion.
Zhang Jikelin's small house team supports muscular teenagers - Xinhua English.news.cn
The sports youth hot-blooded competitive show "Sports Youth" officially landed on Hunan Satellite TV on July 11.
Sports leader Zhang Jike and sports assistant Lin Xiaozhai cross-border on the same stage, Lin Dan and Fu Yuanhui commented on their own styles, and the hard core of the "monstrous" power pulling device made the program "burning" full.
In the first episode, 11 sports teenagers appeared on the power track, and their appearance shocked the audience. At the same time, the "strong conflict", "strong confrontation" and "strong heart" on the arena also attracted attention.
Among them, the "strong conflict" comes from Qiao Wenyi, a super A sports student. He openly provoked Xu Zhibin, who is known as the "flower beauty" in the same track before the game, and choked Xu Zhibin's appearance conditions should go to sing and dance the program, and even released the ruthless words "don't lose your makeup and cry".
The words made the youths and sports leaders on the field gasp.
And "strong confrontation" is more like a fairy fight. Sun Jianqi, known as the "big devil", meets Zhang Xindong, who is also strong, and staged a strong showdown.
And their identity is also unexpected, Sun Jianqi is an actor who loves fitness, Zhang Xindong is a retired special operations team, three-time warrior medal winner.
At the beginning of the game, the two teenagers tried their best to quickly pull out the small pole, and the long-lasting confrontation on the big pole made the audience sweat for them.
In the tense situation, Zhang Jike, as one of the sports leaders of "Sports Juvenile", is also watching the battle seriously.
In the comment section, he was also very careful, patiently encouraging the youngsters who lost the game, and helping every mistake in the process of reviewing.
The sports assistant Lin Xiaozhai is a fancy assist, and she makes no secret of her appreciation for the young people who are online.
When I learned that the athletes were overloaded with daily training, it was even more admirable.
Lin Dan and Fu Yuanhui, who are also the leaders of the sports team, have their own styles, one is a calm and idle "prophet", and the other is a "preventive girl" who uses a smile to disperse the tension.
In addition, Jike Junyi and Liu Ye, as sports assistants, also created a lot of hilarious topics around sports teenagers.
Church fire in Nantes, France: Parish volunteers admit to arson
The cathedral of Saint Peter and Saint Paul in Nantes, France, was severely damaged in a fire on July 18, with the large organ completely destroyed.
Prosecutors in Nantes announced on Tuesday that a parish volunteer who was responsible for the security of the cathedral has been charged with "arson destruction".
He confessed that he set fire to the church.
The 39-year-old parish volunteer from Rwanda admitted to setting fires in three places in the cathedral during the night, the local prosecutor said.
The man's lawyer said the arsonist now regrets doing this.
A few years ago, the man entered France through asylum and was sheltered in the diocese where the fire occurred.
Prosecutors said he recently tried to renew his visa and is in dialogue with the police.
But the church said it still couldn't believe that the normally kind, smiling, but not very talkative believer would destroy the church he loved so much.
On the day of the fire on July 18, the volunteer had already been questioned by police because of a logical problem in his account, but he was later released.
Pictured are firefighters at the scene.
On the evening of the 25th, the person was once again arraigned, thanks to new evidence obtained by professional engineers in the laboratory of the Paris Central Police.
This time, the man confessed to his arson.
According to reports, if convicted of arson and destruction, the suspect could face 10 years in prison and a fine of 150,000 euros.
According to reports, the fire caused heavy damage to the Saint Pierre and Saint Paul Cathedral, the organ inside the church was completely destroyed, and the stained glass window behind the organ was also badly damaged.
Brunet, the chief architect of historic buildings in France, believes that the conservative estimate is that the restoration of Nantes Cathedral will take at least three years.
Comprehensive news: US unilateralism undermines bilateral relations, international public opinion supports China's countermeasures against the US - Xinhua English.news.cn
On the morning of July 24, the Chinese Foreign Ministry informed the U.S. Embassy in China that China has decided to revoke the establishment and operation permit of the U.S. Consulate General in Chengdu and put forward specific requirements for the consulate general to stop all business and activities.
International public opinion believes that the unilateralist measures taken by the United States have caused serious troubles to China-US relations. China has responded to the unreasonable provocations of the United States and it is justified and necessary to take countermeasures.
Andres Borques, director of the Center for Chinese Studies at the Institute of International Studies at the University of Chile, said that the unilateralist measures of the United States have destroyed the bridge of understanding between the Chinese and American peoples, bringing the relationship between the two great powers into crisis.
China's notification to the United States to close its consulate in Chengdu is in response to the unilateral measures of the United States and is in line with diplomatic practice.
Patricio Giusto, a professor at the Catholic University of Argentina and director of the Argentine-China Research Center, believes that China's decision is a legitimate and necessary countermeasure to the previous provocations of the United States, and is not aimed at ordinary Americans.
The United States is trying to divert the attention of the American public by pressuring China to cover up its poor response to the new crown epidemic.
Bambang Suryono, chairman of the Asian Innovation Research Center, an Indonesian think tank, said that the provocative diplomatic posture of the United States has caused serious troubles to China-US relations, which are facing severe challenges.
It is a normal countermeasure for China to notify the United States to close its Consulate General in Chengdu, which is in line with diplomatic practice.
Tanzanian commentator Francis Semwenza said China's decision was a legitimate and necessary response to US provocations.
China-US relations should return to normal, and the US should take the initiative to improve relations with China and stop interfering in China's internal affairs.
The United States should focus on how to achieve a win-win economic and political win with China, and how to benefit the two peoples and the entire international community.
Ali Yusuf, executive director of the Sudan-based Federation of Arab-China Friendship Associations, said China's forced countermeasures are a legitimate and necessary response to the unreasonable actions of the United States, which are in line with international law and basic norms governing international relations, as well as diplomatic practices.
The U.S. request to close the Chinese consulate in Houston is a serious violation of international law and basic norms governing international relations.
It is hoped that the US side will revoke the previous relevant decision and create the necessary conditions for the return of bilateral relations to normal.
Singapore's Lianhe Zaobao published an editorial saying that the greater strategic intention of the United States is to contain China and prevent China's continued rise.
In the face of the U.S. pressure, although China is very reluctant to see Sino-U.S. relations continue to deteriorate, it has to take countermeasures.
(Participating reporters: Yin Nan, Zhang Xiaoran, Ni Ruijie, Liang Hui, Gao Zhu, Li Sibo, Ma Yichong, Wang Lili)
Xinhua News Agency, Guangzhou, July 26 (Reporter Mao Xin) The reporter learned from the Guangdong Coast Guard that recently, the bureau, together with the Guangzhou Customs and Public Security Department, destroyed a large smuggling gang of refined oil products, and initially verified that the gang had smuggled about 120,000 tons of refined oil since 2019, with a case value of about 800 million yuan, and about 240 million yuan in tax evasion.
The Guangdong Coast Guard and the Customs Anti-smuggling Department jointly worked out the division of labor and organizational structure of the gang.
On July 8, the coast guard, customs and public security departments carried out unified network collection operations in Guangzhou, Foshan and other places as well as the Pearl River Estuary. Four suspected smuggling ships were seized on the spot, and a total of 4,700 tons of refined oil were seized from the involved ships and oil depots, and a number of fund accounts were frozen.
It is understood that the joint operation dispatched a total of 8 ships and 2 helicopters, divided into multiple action groups to cooperate in combat, and carried out a full-chain crackdown on maritime smuggling and illegal operations on land.
The case is currently under further investigation.
The relevant person in charge of the Guangdong Coast Guard said that in the future, it will continue to maintain a high-pressure situation to crack down on various smuggling and criminal activities at sea and maintain a good order in the sea area under its jurisdiction.
Hurricane Hannah makes landfall in Texas, causing flooding and flooding
Hurricane Hannah made landfall in Texas at 5 p.m. local time on July 25, bringing severe storms, swollen rivers and potentially life-threatening flash floods.
The National Hurricane Center said Hurricane Hannah is expected to bring heavy rains across southern and northeastern Texas, causing some creeks to swell and life-threatening flash floods.
Hurricane Hannah was the worst affected area south of Corpus Christi to the estuary of the Rio Grande River, while the Rio Grande Valley could see widespread flash flooding.
"Any hurricane is a huge challenge," Texas Governor Abbott said.
Thirty-two counties in the state have declared a state of disaster emergency because of the hurricane.
Corpus Christi, a city of more than 320,000 people, has closed its libraries and museums.
Abbott also said that while the state is being hit hard by the new crown epidemic, the hurricane cannot be allowed to cause more casualties in Texas.
According to reports, southern Texas is expected to reach 6 to 12 inches of rain overnight on the 26th, and northern Texas and coastal Louisiana will also see 3 to 5 inches of rain.
Due to global warming and other factors, the formation of "Hannah" earlier than the previous Atlantic hurricane season.
In general, the first hurricanes in the Atlantic do not usually form until mid-August.
Poland to withdraw from European treaty to prevent violence against women
Poland will take steps next week to withdraw from the European Treaty on the Prevention of Violence against Women, Poland's Justice Ministry said Saturday.
Poland's right-wing government cabinet said the treaty, which requires schools to teach students about gender issues, tramples on the rights of parents.
Poland's Justice Minister Giublo said at a news conference that his ministry would on Monday make a request to the Ministry of Labour and Family to start withdrawing from the treaty.
That treaty is also known as the Istanbul Convention.
"The treaty contains some elements of morphological nature that we consider harmful," said Giublo.
Poland's ruling Law and Justice Party and its coalition partners have close alliances with the Roman Catholic Church and advocate a conservative social agenda.
Polish President Andrzej Duda has made hostility to gay rights one of the main issues during his successful re-election campaign this month.
On Friday, thousands of Poles, most of them women, protested in Warsaw and some other cities against withdrawing from the convention.
One of the organizers of the protest, Lempart, said at a protest march in Warsaw that "the purpose of withdrawing from the treaty is to legalize domestic violence."
Some protesters held banners that read "Law and Justice is a hell for women".
Law and Justice has long complained about the Istanbul Convention.
Poland’s previous centrist government ratified the convention in 2015.
The Law and Justice government says the treaty does not respect religion and requires that liberal social policies be taught in schools.
But so far the party has not decided to withdraw from the convention.
(according to Reuters)
Brazil's president tests negative for coronavirus - Xinhua English.news.cn
BRASILIA, July 25 (Xinhua) -- Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro announced on his personal social media account on the 25th that his latest test for the new coronavirus was negative.
In addition to the latest test results, Bolsonaro posted a photo of himself holding a hydroxychloroquine box on social media.
Bolsonaro has always insisted that the drug is effective in treating the new coronavirus infection, and has repeatedly shown himself taking the drug on social media.
According to Brazilian media reports, Bolsonaro drove a motorcycle to several places in the capital Brasilia after announcing the results of the virus test, and also met with a congressman.
Bolsonaro has been working in isolation at the presidential residence.
Bolsonaro announced in a joint live broadcast of several local media on the 7th that he himself tested positive for the new crown virus on the 6th, and twice tested positive on the 14th and 21st.
Jiangxi opens 'green channel' for frontline youth to fight floods - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Nanchang, July 26 (Guo Dongming, Xiong Liang) The Jiangxi Provincial People's Government Recruitment Office recently made it clear that individuals or their children who have performed outstandingly in the flood control and rescue and relief tasks are eligible for recruitment, and the physical examination and political assessment.
"After the young people are registered, we will jointly verify the community where the young people are located, the street armed department and the Xunyang District Recruitment Office, and give priority to the recruitment."
Wang Hui, deputy minister of the People's Armed Forces Department of Xunyang District, Jiujiang City, said that affected by the floods, they began on the 25th and concentrated on three days to organize young people to take physical examinations.
Zhou Jingfan, a 22-year-old college graduate in Xunyang District, Jiujiang City, is a 22-year-old college graduate. His mother is a community worker and his father is a veteran of a certain air force.
"These days, I see in the news that the people's children are fighting to defend their hometowns on the front line of the flood, and I want to be like them."
Zhou Jingfan said that he had a dream of joining the army since he was a child, and through this flood, he was more determined to join the military camp.
Jiujiang City also regards flood fighting and rescue as a "living teaching material" for conscription propaganda. They take the community as a unit and call on young people to voluntarily participate in tasks such as patrolling dikes and being on duty. On the spot, they understand the nature and purpose of the people's army and strengthen their confidence in joining the army to serve the country.
Luo Jiuyu, political commissar of the People's Armed Forces Department of Xunyang District, Jiujiang City, said that by giving priority to the deployment of troops, he hopes to inspire more young people to join the army and create a good social atmosphere where the task is glorious and the military is glorious.
“Vietnam has made great contributions to ASEAN’s development over the past 25 years.
Vietnam is not only a responsible member of ASEAN, but also the locomotive of ASEAN.
Grivory said that Russia and the Eurasian Economic Union (EEU) believe that Vietnam has contributed to the promotion of ASEAN's status and its image abroad.
“Asean should thank Vietnam for this,” he said.
Grivori said analysts recognized Vietnam's peace initiative.
Vietnam is willing to share its experience with ASEAN countries and propose constructive and peaceful measures on issues facing the Asia-Pacific region, including the East China Sea issue.
Regarding the cooperation between Vietnam and Russia under the ASEAN framework, Grivory said that Vietnam supports the cooperation between Russia and ASEAN and helps Russia to benefit from this cooperation framework.
The Eurasian Economic Union, including Russia, will be able to enter the ASEAN market after signing a free trade agreement with Vietnam.
Grivori proposed to maximize the expansion of the Eurasian Economic Union and ASEAN countries in the free trade area, thereby creating a platform for economic and security stability.
Grivori also believes that Russia, Vietnam and ASEAN are on the right track and will achieve their goals.
Between now and the end of 2020, Bac Giang will have the necessary conditions, especially in terms of infrastructure, human resources and land, to actively welcome foreign inflows, especially for multinational groups with value chains and transfer of advanced technologies.
In addition, Bac Giang province will process documents to submit to the Prime Minister’s decision to invest in infrastructure construction and operation projects in Vietnam-Korea Industrial Zones and to approve the addition of the two industrial-city-service zones of Ansan-Bac Lung and Anlu in the province’s master plan for the development of Vietnam’s industrial zones up to 2020.
At the same time, Bac Giang province has made great efforts to accelerate the progress of projects, especially infrastructure construction and operation projects in industrial park clusters such as Hwaphu, Gwangju, and Sungai-Naehwang, and form land funds for investment promotion.
In 2020, the Bureau of Industry and Trade of Bac Giang Province will participate in the planning of industrial parks and industrial clusters to provide advice and suggestions for inclusion in provincial planning.
Bac Giang province has decided to combine the development of industrial park clusters with safeguarding national defense security, protecting the ecological environment, and ensuring food security, thereby boosting balanced industrial development; it has comprehensive infrastructure such as electricity, water, transportation and telecommunications, combined with urban construction, trade services, workers’ housing and other social infrastructure such as health care and education.
In the industrial zone, Bac Giang province has called for high-tech, clean technology investment projects in the fields of power, electronics, telecommunications equipment, precision machinery, auxiliary industries and other fields.
In the cluster of industrial parks, the province called for small and medium-sized investment projects in the fields of production, utilization of local labor, especially agricultural products and food processing.
In the future, Bac Giang province will focus on accelerating investment in the infrastructure of Bac Giang’s logistics and logistics center, which will be developed in parallel with the industrial park cluster to optimize the flow of goods and currency and help to reduce production costs, increase the value of goods, optimize the supply chain, and develop intermodal transportation, thus creating attractiveness for investors to invest in the province.
Upgraded Russian gunship card-52M for the first time at the end of the year - Xinhua English.news.cn
MOSCOW, July 25 (Xinhua) -- According to the plan of the Russian Ministry of Defense, the upgraded version of the Russian armed helicopter (hereinafter referred to as Wuzhi) Ka-52 - Ka-52M will be completed for the first time in December this year.
According to Russia's "Izvestia" reported a few days ago, the Wuzhika-52M named "Super Alligator", its development contract was signed by the Russian military and military units in April last year.
According to Russian experts who understand the above upgrade work, the "predecessor" of the "Super Alligator" - Wuzhika-52 was officially installed in November 2011. The model exposed some weaknesses in use.
Compared with the Ka-52, the Ka-52M will partly use new protective materials that will not increase weight, its pilot cockpit will be reinforced and equipped with new equipment to resist missile attacks, thereby increasing the probability of battlefield survivability;
In addition, the Ka-52M will have a more advanced electronic guidance system, weapons targeting system and navigation equipment.
Russian experts also said that it is worth noting that the Ka-52M will be equipped with communication equipment to communicate with the drone, so as to obtain the intelligence transmitted by the nearby drone in the air in real time, such as displaying the image taken by the drone on the cockpit screen of the helicopter.
According to the plan, the pilot of the Ka-52M can directly control the unmanned aerial vehicle with it, thereby improving the pilot's grasp of the battlefield situation and the guidance of long-range missiles.
According to Russian media reports, Russian Deputy Defense Minister Krivoruchko said in December last year that the Russian Defense Ministry plans to buy more than 110 VZK-52M by 2027.
The new decree stipulates that from now on, the Campania region must wear masks in indoor public places, and offenders can be fined up to 1,000 euros.
On June 1, the Colosseum reopened in Rome, Italy.
According to reports, according to the latest epidemic prevention decree issued by the regional government, people in Campania must wear masks in accordance with the epidemic prevention requirements on all public transport, as well as in and out of indoor public places such as shops, bars, supermarkets and exhibition halls.
Violators can be fined up to 1,000 euros.
The decree also stipulates that all travelers from non-Schengen countries entering the Campania region must be quarantined.
The regional government will authorize health agencies to coordinate the arrangements for specific hotels to isolate positive asymptomatic people.
The ordinance came into effect on July 25.
In less than an hour, three customers who entered the supermarket had accepted the fine.
Hebei has 1.75 billion cubic meters of ecological water replenishment in rivers and lakes this year - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Shijiazhuang, July 26 (Reporter Wang Kun) The reporter learned from the Hebei Provincial Department of Water Resources that since this year, Hebei Province has coordinated the use of diverted river water and local reservoir water, and successively implemented ecological water replenishment to 28 rivers such as Hutuo River, Tang River, Juma River and Baiyangdian.
Hebei Province has seized the favorable opportunity of increasing the flow of water in the middle route of the South-to-North Water Diversion Project, and implemented ecological water replenishment to Tanghe, Shahe and Tonglong Rivers by diverting water from the rivers.
At the same time, 9 large and medium-sized reservoirs such as Western Ocean and Dongwushi and Baiyangdian were used to carry out ecological water replenishment to rivers such as Fuyang River and Qinglong River, with a cumulative water surface area of more than 90 square kilometers.
In order to do a good job in ecological water replenishment, the Hebei Provincial Department of Water Resources actively organized the investigation of hidden dangers of replenishment rivers, rectification and reinforcement and river cleaning, detailed practical measures, and strengthened inspection and protection.
Through supervision and inspection and centralized unannounced visits, timely resolution of various problems to ensure the safe and orderly replenishment of rivers.
According to the relevant person in charge of the Hebei Provincial Department of Water Resources, the orderly implementation of river and lake ecological replenishment has effectively restored the ecological environment of rivers and lakes in Hebei Province, promoted the replenishment and conservation of groundwater along the coast, and greatly improved the living environment and economic development environment along the line.
In the past two weeks, the number of confirmed cases of the new crown in Spain has rebounded sharply, with thousands of new cases in several days.
The British government decided on Saturday night (July 25) to remove Spain from the safe travel list from 0:00 local time on the 26th, and people entering the UK from Spain must self-isolate for 14 days.
British tourists on holiday in Spain were surprised, worried and even angry when they heard about the decision.
Transport Secretary Grant Shapps is reportedly on holiday in Spain.
The UK's quarantine measures came after Norway announced that people returning from Spain would be subject to a 10-day quarantine.
France and Belgium are advising their residents to abandon plans for a holiday in Barcelona and surrounding areas.
Beaches in these areas are overcrowded and social distancing cannot be maintained, and police at one point needed to take steps to reduce the number of beachgoers.
Tourism is an important pillar industry in Spain
Spain: it's safe
Spain's foreign ministry said on Sunday that the outbreak was under control in the country.
Spanish Foreign Minister Arancha Gonzalez Laya said: "Spain is safe, not only for Spaniards, but also for tourists."
The Spanish government will try to persuade the British government to exclude the Balearic and Canary Islands from quarantine measures.
The reason is that the infection rate in these two tourist destinations is much lower than in the UK.
In order to prevent the spread of the epidemic, Spain's Catalonia region has also resumed a "foot ban".
Tourism is an important pillar industry in Spain, and Spain is one of the most popular holiday destinations for British tourists.
The UK's decision is expected to have a major impact on Spain's tourism industry.
Quiet/Ren Chen (DPA, Reuters)
The first day of Zhongfu: Beijing bids farewell to high temperature and heat and opens rainfall mode - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Ni Yuanjin) July 26 is the first day of this year's "Zhongfu".
On the morning of the 26th, strong winds, showers and convection weather dispersed the high temperature and heat that have shrouded in Beijing for days, and a new round of rain will continue for several days.
The Beijing Meteorological Observatory released at 11 o'clock on the 26th that there were scattered showers (with weak lightning) in Beijing on the 26th, and the daily maximum temperature was only 27 ° C; at night, there were light to moderate rain (with weak lightning), and the minimum night temperature was 23 ° C.
On the 24th to 25th, Beijing was in a high temperature blue warning, with the daily maximum temperature in most areas around 37 °C, and local temperatures exceeding 40 °C.
Futian is the hottest, humid and sultry day of the year. There are "three volts" in the year, and the hottest is in the middle. The Chinese people say "bitter summer" at this time.
When entering the Fu, every family fills the barn, and the folk have the saying of "one volt dumplings and two fu noodles".
According to the current forecast, the next three days, Beijing and more rainy weather.
The meteorological department advised the public to avoid mountain travel as much as possible and beware of geological disasters.
It is understood that this year's "Zhong Fu" has 20 days, from July 26 to August 14 end.
After entering the "medium volt", people will feel tired, loss of appetite.
Dietary choice of mung beans, barley and other heat-relieving, spleen appetizer of food, as well as bitter herbs, bitter gourd and other bitter foods, can help increase appetite, eliminate summer heat.
Engines may stall, FAA orders 2,000 Boeing jets - Xinhua English.news.cn
The U.S. Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) issued an emergency airworthiness directive on the 24th, requiring emergency inspections of about 2,000 Boeing 737NG and 737 Classic passenger aircraft registered in the United States because of corrosion of the air check valves of the aircraft may cause the engine to stop in the air.
The FAA said it has received four reports of 737 NG and 737 Classic engines parked in the air, prompting an urgent inspection request for aircraft that have been parked for seven consecutive days or more and aircraft that have flew less than 11 times since returning to service.
The FAA warned that a corroded fifth-stage check valve on both engines could become stuck in the open position, causing the plane to lose power completely and unable to restart the engines.
The aviation regulator has ordered that once a check valve is found to be corroded, air operators must replace this critical component before the aircraft is put into service again.
Boeing responded later in the day that the outbreak of the new crown epidemic has led to reduced travel demand, many airliners have been mothballed or used less, and “check valves are more susceptible to corrosion.”
Boeing also said it has advised airline operators to inspect the planes covered by the directive, and if problems are found, Boeing will provide assistance with repairs and replacement of check valves.
Jets operated by major U.S. airlines typically fly multiple times a day, but a large number of planes have been grounded in the wake of the coronavirus outbreak, and some are returning to service as demand for travel has slowed recently.
The FAA did not release details of the four aerial parking reports.
Alaska Airlines disclosed one of the incidents later on Tuesday.
The airline said in a statement that one of its airliners was en route from Seattle, Washington, to Austin, Texas, on July 15 when an engine suddenly stalled and the passenger plane made an emergency landing at Austin Airport.
Alaska Airlines said it had replaced the jet's engine and had inspected the engines of six jets in accordance with FAA directives.
American Airlines, United Airlines and Southwest Airlines said on Tuesday that there were no engine flameouts associated with air check valves on their airliners.
Four American Airlines planes will be inspected and 28 United Airlines planes will be inspected.
Delta said it would inspect 20 of its jets, but did not say if there had been any engine stalls.
The FAA Emergency Airworthiness Directive is another blow to Boeing.
Indonesia's Lion Air and Ethiopian Airlines each crashed a Boeing 737 MAX in October 2018 and March 2019, killing a combined 346 people.
The aircraft was subsequently grounded worldwide, with production halted in January and resumed in May.
FAA Administrator Steve Dickson admitted in June that the FAA “made a mistake” in regulating Boeing on the 737 MAX.
"Ding Dong on the line! Teacher is good" on the line next week Xue Zhaofeng led "knowledge initiator" - Xinhua English.news.cn
A new show is online.
The interactive knowledge sharing program "Ding Dong is online! Teacher is good" will be broadcast on Hunan Satellite TV on July 20.
It is understood that the program will create a new all-age youth classroom, and a group of talented and talented teachers will go into battle to challenge the output of interesting knowledge.
Different from the serious impression of the teacher group in the minds of the public in the past, "Ding Dong is online! Teacher is good" is a group of knowledge representatives with both face value and talent.
They are not only young knowledge models from various disciplines, but also a group of all-round "duanzis" who can shake their burdens and are good at entertaining.
In the program, this group of outstanding young knowledge models, as "knowledge sharing officers", will challenge the interesting knowledge classroom.
They need to impress the audience by showing the most interesting aspects of their disciplines through the attitude of knowledge output.
The "Youdao Asking Group" composed of audiences of all ages will raise various questions on the spot, which will make the teaching of the "Knowledge Sharing Officer" more difficult and add a little stimulating atmosphere to the program.
According to reports, there are outstanding young teachers such as Li Yongle, a physics teacher in the Middle School Affiliated to Renmin University of China, Zhang Xuefeng, a famous postgraduate instructor, and Wang Lei, a history teacher with ten years of experience.
In addition, the program also invited economics professor Xue Zhaofeng as the "knowledge initiator" of the program, together with "Dingdong Assistant" Du Haitao and Jin Mengjia, to talk about youth with the audience and create a "National Youth Open Class".
Chief Secretary for Administration of the Hong Kong SAR Government: The situation is grim
HONG KONG, July 26 (Xinhua) -- The Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR) Government's Chief Secretary for Administration Zhang Jianzong said on the 26th that the situation of the new crown pneumonia epidemic in Hong Kong continues to be severe.
However, at this stage, the government has no intention of introducing a “stay-at-home order” or a “confinement order” to restrict people from going out.
On the same day, Zhang Jianzong published a blog titled "The Situation is Serious and Fight the Epidemic".
He said the outbreak was the worst in six months and the next two weeks would be critical to try to prevent further spread of the virus in the community.
Apart from the necessary measures taken by the SAR Government, self-discipline and cooperation are also very important.
He urged the public to stay at home as much as possible, reduce social contact and eat out.
Members of the public should cooperate with the mandatory measures of wearing masks to protect themselves and others, pay attention to personal and environmental hygiene and wash hands frequently.
He said that the central government has always been very concerned about the changes in the epidemic situation in Hong Kong and supported the SAR government's anti-epidemic work.
Cheung Kin-chung said that the free virus tests provided by the SAR Government for specific high-risk groups, namely RCHEs, residential care homes for the disabled and nursing home staff, restaurant staff, taxi drivers and property management staff, have been fully implemented, involving up to 400,000 people.
He is very concerned about the cases of infection in RCHEs. The SAR Government has arranged specific temporary quarantine centres for RCHE residents.
He said the SAR Government is building an isolation and quarantine facility near the Penny Bay Quarantine Centre on Lantau Island in the New Territories, which is expected to provide an additional 700 isolation rooms by the end of September.
The Chief Executive also announced on the 19th that the SAR Government will build an additional 2,000 isolation rooms at the Penny Bay Quarantine Centre and strive to complete it by the end of this year.
Together with the 800 units that have been put into use, Penny Bay Quarantine Centre is expected to provide a total of 3,500 isolation rooms by the end of the year.
There are currently four operating quarantine centres in Hong Kong, providing a total of about 2,600 isolation rooms.
In addition, the SAR Government reopened the Lei Yue Mun Park Resort on Hong Kong Island on the 24th as a community isolation facility for patients under the age of 50 who are able to take care of themselves.
The "nutritional agent" of the history of the party and the history of the new China
2020-07-26 17:37:29 Source: People's Forum Author: Zhu Yanjing Responsible Editor: Zhu Yanjing
Recently, General Secretary Xi Jinping stressed when visiting the Siping Battle Memorial Hall: "We must let the 1.4 billion people, more than 90 million party members, especially leading cadres at all levels, learn the history of the Communist Party of China and the history of New China well."
It is a compulsory course for party members and cadres to not forget their original intention and keep their mission in mind.
A magnificent history of the Party and the history of New China records the hard struggle and glorious course of the Communist Party of China since its birth, showing the faith and loyalty of the Communists with their lives and blood, and the original intention and mission that they will always adhere to.
History is the best textbook. For Party members and cadres, the history of the Party and the history of New China are the most splendid chapters in this textbook.
Every party member and cadre should continue to strengthen the historical thinking of taking history as a mirror and moving towards the future, based on the new journey and new mission, pick up the "baton" of the times, and take the long march of contemporary people.
Casting the soul with history, sticking to the original mission in the study of the history of the party and the history of New China.
Opening the history of the party and the history of the new China is full of the eternal mission of the Chinese Communists and the rock-solid beliefs, showing the simple feelings of the Communists to always be with the people.
To understand the important events, important meetings, and important figures in the history of the party and the new China at close range is not only an intuitive spiritual shock and ideological baptism, but also a reading of the connotation of the original faith from the depths of the soul and the weight of the mission.
For party members and cadres, if they want to continue to forge their original mission and maintain their advanced character, they must find the origin of our starting point and the fulcrum of our original intention from the history of the party and the history of New China, maintain a clear understanding and firm position, stir up the strength of fighting for the country and the people, and ensure that the red rivers and mountains laid by the revolutionary ancestors with their blood and lives are passed on from generation to generation.
Study history wisely, inherit the noble spirit in the study of party history and the history of New China.
Since the founding of the Communist Party of China, it has shaped a series of great spirits such as the Red Boat Spirit, the Jinggangshan Spirit, the Long March Spirit, the Yan'an Spirit, the Anti-Japanese War Spirit, the Xibaipo Spirit, the "Two Bombs and One Satellite" Spirit, and the Aerospace Spirit.
These great spirits precipitated by history have provided a powerful spiritual incentive for our party to overcome various risks and challenges on the road ahead. They are precious spiritual wealth that cannot be defeated, washed away, or taken away.
The process of studying the history of the Party and China is a process of revisiting these spirits and shaping the self-spirit. We should consciously take the lofty spirit of the revolutionary ancestors as a mirror, stick to the spiritual home of the Communists, and build a solid spiritual foundation for advancing the great cause and realizing the great dream.
Reading history introspection, in the study of the history of the party, the history of the new China continues to keep good and dispel evil.
For Party members and cadres, there has never been any history that can bring more profound warnings, inspirations and lessons than the history of the Party and the history of New China.
In the history of the Party and New China, we can not only see the great deeds of the older generation of revolutionaries who determined to dedicate their faith and indomitable struggle to achieve the set goals, but also see the profound lessons of some people who have been shaken by their ideals and beliefs and have gone to the opposite of the revolution.
In order to truly become a firm believer and faithful practitioner of the lofty ideals of communism, we need to remove the "dust" of our thoughts and strictly prevent "dirt" from staining our body. The history of the party and the history of the new china should become the basis for every party member and cadre to examine and warn himself.
Knowledge of history inspirational, in the study of party history, the history of New China bravely take on the important task of the times.
General Secretary Xi Jinping once pointed out: "Learning the history of the party and the country is a compulsory course for upholding and developing socialism with Chinese characteristics and continuing to push forward the various undertakings of the party and the country."
Looking back at the history, asking the original intention, in order to continue the glory and move towards the future.
Every party member and cadre should take learning the history of the party and the history of New China as a lifelong pursuit, constantly set the course of life in the study, bravely shoulder the historical mission, dare to take responsibility, and take the initiative in their respective jobs.
Adhere to the advanced deeds of the older generation of revolutionaries as a reference and guide, constantly polish the political character of the Communists, maintain a fighting posture of seizing the day and making progress, and the fighting spirit of the more difficult and the more difficult, write a brilliant stroke of your own in the mighty journey of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
"Stop Jiangnan" in pursuit of the poetic "Yellow River Dream" - Xinhua English.news.cn
(China's Poverty Reduction Story) "Stop Jiangnan" in pursuit of the poetic "Yellow River Dream"
China News Agency, Yinchuan, July 26 (Yang Di) "Nine-curved Yellow River Wanlisha, waves scouring from the end of the world."
The Yellow River, which has aroused the pride of countless literati, has given birth to the beautiful and fertile Ningxia Plain. Today, Ningxia, which has the reputation of “storing Jiangnan”, is adhering to the concept of “ecological priority and green development” and pursuing the poetic “Yellow River Dream”.
"Beautiful Dreams" by the River
"The Yellow River is rich in Ningxia", the Yellow River flows through Ningxia 397 kilometers, is the "mother river" of raising one party.
However, with the rapid advancement of industrialization and urbanization, the development, utilization, management and protection of rivers and lakes are out of balance, and the chaos of excessive sewage discharge, reclamation of lakes, and encroachment of water areas has become prominent, resulting in black and odorous water, excessive water quality, dirty environment and ecological degradation.
Now, Ningxia is promoting the restoration of water ecological diversity and efforts to restore the water of the Yellow River.
Water treatment starts at the source.
In Yinchuan, Ningxia, the local government adopted the method of “standardization   pollution control   strict management”. All sewage in industrial parks was treated centrally, all urban sewage treatment plants achieved Grade A standard discharge, and black and odorous water bodies in urban built-up areas were basically eliminated. Successfully applied for the third batch of China’s black and odorous water demonstration cities.
In addition, Ningxia fully implemented the river and lake chief system in 2017, and now it has achieved full coverage of the five-level river and lake chief responsibility system in districts, cities, counties and villages, and rivers and lakes have become the norm.
Gu Jincheng, 64, who lives in a village on the banks of the Yellow River, has witnessed the changes in the Yellow River: “The water used to have a stench, but after the renovation, the stink is gone.”
Gu Jincheng said that the ecological environment is better, and his life is more comfortable. Now he often goes to the Yellow River with his family for a walk to feel the clear water and blue sky.
"Wetland Dream" of Shagu Xiangji
Birds, green trees, trestle roads, clear water… The beauty of “Shagu Xiangji” written by Fan Zhongyan has become a reality in the Yellow River Wetland Park in Yinchuan, Ningxia.
The Yellow River flows through Ningxia, forming river wetlands, lake wetlands, swamp wetlands and other wetlands along the way, which plays an important role in promoting the rational utilization of water resources and water ecological balance.
Since 2009, the relevant departments of Ningxia have invested about 3.45 billion yuan in wetland protection projects. At present, the wetland area of Yinchuan is 19,200 hectares, and the wetland protection rate is 78.5%. There are nearly 200 natural lakes and swamp wetlands. There are 5 national wetland parks, 1 national urban wetland park, 6 autonomous region-level wetland parks and 8 municipal parks.
Lv Jinhu, deputy director of the Yinchuan Wetland Conservation Center, told reporters that wetland protection has increased biodiversity, especially in birds.
At the same time, Ningxia has demarcated a 500-meter red line for the wetland protection area on both sides of the Yinchuan section of the Yellow River in accordance with the law.
Zhao Shaoyong, deputy director of the Yinchuan City Water Conservancy Service Center, introduced that through pollution source control, comprehensive treatment of river and lake ecology and the construction of wetlands at the end, the water quality of nine major drainage ditches in Ningxia has now reached 100% of Class IV standards. "Now the water is clear, the fish are swimming, and the flowers are blooming."
“Drinking Water Dreams”
Yinchuan City, Ningxia, once had an "embarrassing" title: the only city along the Yellow River that "guarded the Yellow River to drink water".
Since 2010, Yinchuan has been facing a persistent water shortage problem during the summer peak. The pain of water shortage in the past decade has become a painful experience for many high-rise residents in summer. However, under the current situation that major water sources are at the limit of over-exploitation and a large area of groundwater over-exploitation funnel area has been formed underground, water shortage has become a problem for Yinchuan.
Thanks to the improvement of the water quality of the Yellow River, drinking purified Yellow River water has become a good way to solve the drinking water problem of local residents.
Ding Ming, deputy director of the Yinchuan Municipal Water Affairs Bureau, introduced that in order to improve the water demand for living and production of Yinchuan urban and rural residents, Ningxia timely started the urban and rural west line water supply project in the Yinchuan metropolitan area to replace the original groundwater source with high-quality Yellow River water.
"On December 29, 2019, the water supply project officially opened water to the three districts of Yinchuan City. In 2020, residents of Minning Town and Helan County also drank Yellow River water."
Ding Ming said that the Yinchuan water conservancy department will consider the integration of regional rural drinking water and urban water supply in a coordinated way. "Next, we will integrate the scattered water supply points in rural areas and connect them to the western water supply project. It is expected that by the end of this year, the integrated urban and rural water supply in Yinchuan will be basically realized."
Compaction responsibility, all departments strengthen flood control and disaster relief work jqknews
Responsibilities of all departments to strengthen flood control and disaster relief work
CCTV News (News Network): At 12 o'clock today (July 25), the river section below Wangjiaba in the main stream of the Huaihe River exceeded the warning water level by 0.64 to 3.31 meters, and the section below Shashi in the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River and the two lakes exceeded the warning level by 0.05 to 2.02 meters.
It has been 28 days since the water level in Taihu Lake exceeded the warning level on June 28.
At 12 o'clock today, the average water level of Taihu Lake is 4.67 meters, 0.02 meters above the guaranteed water level.
Today, the National General Administration of Defense and Economics decided to continue to maintain the flood control level II response of the Yangtze River and Huaihe River, requiring all localities to compact their responsibilities and further implement the flood control and disaster relief work.
Today, the National Defense Office and the Ministry of Emergency Management urgently dispatched professional drainage vehicles from Shandong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Fujian to help Jiangxi solve the problems of urban waterlogging caused by heavy rainfall.
U.S. launches first anti-subsidy investigation against China
The US Department of Commerce recently announced that it decided to launch an anti-dumping and countervailing investigation on cable ties originating in China, and launched an investigation into the "undervaluation of the RMB exchange rate" project.
China's Ministry of Commerce pointed out that this is the first time that the United States has filed a case in a countervailing case to investigate the so-called "undervalued RMB exchange rate" project.
The Chinese Ministry of Commerce issued a press release on the evening of the 23rd, saying that China implements a managed floating exchange rate system based on market supply and demand, with reference to a basket of currencies, and the market plays a decisive role in the formation of the exchange rate.
The press release emphasizes that, in general, the RMB exchange rate is at a reasonable and balanced level and is not undervalued.
Since 2005, the renminbi has appreciated more than 17% against the US dollar.
According to data released by the Bank for International Settlements, from the beginning of 2005 to May 2020, the RMB appreciated by 38% in nominal effective exchange rate and 49% in real effective exchange rate.
The Ministry of Commerce pointed out that the exchange rate issue is beyond the competence of members to conduct countervailing investigations under WTO rules.
The United States in February this year amended regulations to carry out countervailing investigations on other countries' exchange rates, has been suspected of violating WTO rules, has been opposed by many sides.
According to the press release, even under U.S. regulations, the applicant’s complaint contains a large number of errors and does not have the necessary countervailing elements such as financial assistance, benefit grant and specificity.
China urges the US to abide by existing international rules and stop conducting countervailing investigations on the so-called "undervaluation of the RMB."
Affected by the further escalation of Sino-US tensions, the offshore and onshore yuan exchange rates against the US dollar fell sharply on the 22nd, and both fell below the 7.0 yuan per dollar mark.
Whether the US Commerce Department's move is intended to force up the yuan is worth watching.
The spot exchange rate of the RMB against the US dollar rose above the 7.0 mark on the 23rd to close at 6.9961.
The central parity of the renminbi against the US dollar, which is subject to official control, fell 17 basis points on the 24th to 6.9938.
With the gradual improvement of the epidemic, the film and television industry, which has been silent for nearly half a year, has gradually returned to normal.
Recently, the 26th Shanghai TV Festival Organizing Committee announced this year's Magnolia Award nominees.
Lei Jiayin, Chen Baoguo, Zhang Ruoyun, Sun Honglei and Huang Lei will compete for the best actor, Hai Qing, Ma Yili, Qin Hailu, Sun Li and Yan Ni will compete for the best actress.
The results will be officially announced on August 7.
From the current point of view, from the topic of the college entrance examination, the realistic education TV series "Little Joy" depicting "Chinese-style family" has won a total of 6 nominations for "Best Chinese TV Series", "Best Director", "Best Screenplay", "Best Actress" and "Best Supporting Actor".
The "Best Actor and Actor" award has always been one of the focuses of the outside world. This year's competition is also extremely fierce. The finalists are all good actors. Chen Baoguo, Huang Lei, Lei Jiayin, Sun Honglei and Zhang Ruoyun will compete for "Best Actor".
Chen Baoguo, Huang Lei and Sun Honglei are all well-qualified Mesozoic actors. Lei Jiayin, 37, is also a powerful actor. As for 32-year-old Zhang Ruoyun, it is the youngest finalist.
In 2016, 34-year-old Hu Ge won the Magnolia Award for Best Actor with "Langya List" and became the youngest TV emperor in the award. This year, if Zhang Ruoyun can defeat several other predecessors, it will refresh this record.
The competition for the best actress was finally fixed in Hai Qing, Ma Yili, Qin Hailu, Sun Li, Yan Ni, the mainstay of the film and television industry.
It is worth mentioning that Sun Li was nominated for the corner of Fang Sijin, which is her sixth time to be nominated for the award. In 2014 and 2016, she won the Best Actress twice with "Hot Mom" and "Miyue Biography".
On the morning of the 26th, the Fujian Provincial Health and Health Commission reported the latest new crown pneumonia epidemic, saying that from 0 to 24:00 on July 25, Fujian Province reported 1 new imported asymptomatic infection, 1 new imported confirmed case overseas, and 4 imported asymptomatic infections.
Among them, the newly imported asymptomatic infections outside the province were imported from Dalian City, Liaoning Province (reported by Fuzhou City), and the newly imported confirmed cases imported from abroad were imported from the Philippines (reported by Xiamen City); 4 new cases of asymptomatic infections were imported from abroad, including 1 case imported from the United States (reported by Fuzhou City), and 3 cases imported from the Philippines (reported by Xiamen City).
As of 24:00 on July 25, Fujian Province has reported a total of 69 imported confirmed cases, 66 cases have been cured and discharged, 3 cases are currently hospitalized, and no deaths; 0 suspected cases imported from abroad have been reported; 13 cases of imported asymptomatic infections are still under centralized isolation medical observation; a total of 296 local confirmed cases have been reported (295 cases have been cured and discharged, 0 cases are currently hospitalized, and 1 case of death);
At present, 14,962 close contacts have been released from medical observation, and 324 are still under medical observation.
Nearly 2.4 million confirmed cases in Brazil, Rio city announced the cancellation of New Year's celebrations jqknews
Brazil has the second-highest number of confirmed cases and deaths in the world, behind only the United States.
The state of São Paulo, the hardest-hit state, has nearly 480,000 confirmed cases and more than 20,000 deaths.
The states of Ceará and Rio de Janeiro have more than 160,000 and 150,000 cases, respectively, while Pará and Bahia states each have more than 140,000 cases.
The states of Maranhão and Minas Genas each have more than 110,000 cases.
Rio de Janeiro Mayor Marcelo Crivella announced on the 25th that the city has decided to cancel New Year's celebrations in 2021 due to the continuous spread of the new crown pneumonia epidemic in Brazil and an effective vaccine is not yet available.
In the past, the city celebrated New Year’s Eve at the famous Copacabana Beach, and the last day of New Year’s Eve in 2019 attracted 2.9 million people.
At the same time, the city also decided to postpone the 2021 Carnival event from February to September next year.
São Paulo Mayor Bruno Covas has announced the cancellation of the city’s New Year’s Eve celebrations scheduled for December 31 this year on Paulista Avenue and postponed the 2021 Carnival to the end of May or early July next year.
Venezuelan foreign minister accuses U.S. of fabricating lies to attack China - Xinhua English.news.cn
Arreaza said that the US government's recent political, diplomatic, economic and public pressure on China is a baseless attack on a sovereign country.
Arreaza retweeted a tweet posted earlier in the day by Chinese Ambassador to Venezuela Li Baorong.
"China strongly condemns the US forcibly entering the Chinese Consulate General in Houston, which is a serious violation of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations and the China-US Consular Treaty," Li said in a tweet.
Venezuelan Vice President Rodriguez, Vice Foreign Minister for North American Affairs Carlos Long and other government officials, social celebrities and mainstream media reporters also retweeted Li Baorong's tweets, condemning the US's actions as serious violations of international law.
On the 26th, the day before President Rodrigo Duterte delivered his fifth State of the Union (SONA) address, the total number of confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia in the Philippines on the same day exceeded 80,000, of which the number of employees of the Presidential Office of Information (PCOO) and its direct agencies increased to 25.
To this end, the PCOO has prepared a task force that has not been in contact with the infected staff to cooperate with President Rodrigo Duterte’s press release on SONA.
PCOO Secretary Martin Andanar said in an interview with DZBB radio on the 26th that two sets of proposals have been prepared for President Duterte’s SONA approach.
According to Plan A, Duterte will deliver the SONA at the Batasang Pambansa Building in Quezon City this afternoon.
Due to the epidemic, only 50 seats were arranged for some government cabinet members and legislators, and a video conference room was set up for other cabinet members and local government officials to watch.
All participants will be allowed to enter the Capitol building on the same day through rapid testing.
Once one of the participants tests positive, Plan B will be launched, in which President Rodrigo Duterte will deliver the SONA at the Malacañang Palace, with fewer seats for the hearing.
As is customary, SONA will broadcast live to the whole country in real time.
As of press time, Malacañang has not confirmed whether Duterte’s family will attend SONA.
President Rodrigo Duterte’s SONA will focus on how the government will lead the Philippines in tackling the COVID-19 pandemic and restoring socio-economic life, Andanar said, referring to his commitments when he took office to fight government corruption, fight illicit drugs and reduce poverty.
Duterte will also outline other plans of the administration, including creating more jobs, revitalizing the economy, promoting education, and helping overseas Filipino workers who have suffered during the pandemic.
Yinchuan: Classified policies to support kindergartens to stabilize teachers - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Yinchuan, July 26 (Reporter Ai Fumei) Affected by the epidemic, kindergartens in Yinchuan City, Ningxia, have not yet resumed kindergartens.
In response, Yinchuan City has adopted a number of measures such as pre-allocation of subsidy funds for inclusive private kindergartens, stable post subsidies for non-inclusive private kindergartens, and rent reductions and exemptions for private kindergartens to support these kindergartens to stabilize the teaching staff.
According to the relevant policies of Yinchuan City, during the epidemic period, the organizers of inclusive private kindergartens (including kindergartens that have been converted into inclusive kindergartens after the treatment of urban community kindergartens) refer to the minimum wage standard of the three districts and pay no less than 1,660 yuan per person per month for basic living expenses.
For non-inclusive private kindergartens that also provide basic living expenses of not less than 1,660 yuan per person per month, Yinchuan City will arrange 6-month subsidy funds as a subsidy for preschool teachers in accordance with the standard of 500 yuan per student per student per year.
At the same time, for private kindergartens that lease state-owned assets for operation, Yinchuan will reduce the rent for three months during the period of epidemic prevention and control, and encourage developers and other types of leasing entities to assume social responsibilities, reduce or exempt the rent of kindergartens, and reduce or exempt the rent for more than 3 months.
The No. 3 flood of the Yangtze River in 2020 is formed by the Ministry of Water Resources.
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Hu Lu) On the 26th, the third flood of the Yangtze River in 2020 formed.
E Jingping, Minister of Water Resources, requested that the Three Gorges Reservoir be finely dispatched on the 26th, and the water from the upper reaches of the Yangtze River and Dongting Lake should be considered as a whole.
It is predicted that in the next three days, there will be heavy to heavy rain in parts of eastern Southwest, southern Jianghuai, western northern Jiangnan, southern eastern Hubei and central Guangxi, among which there will be heavy rain in northern Hunan, southwestern Jiangsu and other places; there will be moderate to heavy rain in central and western North China, of which there will be heavy rain in central Hebei.
The Ministry of Water Resources predicts that due to its impact, the water level of the Three Gorges Reservoir in the upper reaches of the Yangtze River may reach about 60,000 cubic meters per second around 28 days ago, and the water level of the Lianhuatang River and Dongting Lake in the middle reaches will rise again and exceed the protection by about 0.20 meters.
E Jingping proposed that the Huaihe River Basin should further increase flood discharge efforts, reduce the water level of Hongze Lake as soon as possible, and prepare for the possibility of major floods.
To fully do a good job in Yishu Si River flood response work.
He said that the Taihu Lake Basin should continue to increase flood discharge efforts, reduce the water level of Taihu Lake and surrounding river networks as soon as possible, and reduce the risk of high water levels and typhoons in Taihu Lake.
In addition, he emphasized that the floods in northern areas such as Inner Mongolia and Hebei are steep and steep, and the early warning time is short, which can easily cause mountain torrents and debris flows, and it is difficult to defend.
58 APPs infringing on user rights and interests were exposed, involving more than a dozen listed companies jqknews
According to the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, in accordance with laws and regulations such as the Cybersecurity Law, the Telecommunications Regulations, and the Provisions on the Protection of the Personal Information of Telecommunications and Internet Users, it has recently organized third-party testing agencies to inspect mobile phone application software and urge enterprises with problems to rectify.
The problems of these 58 apps include private collection of personal information, collection of personal information beyond the scope, frequent application for permissions, excessive requests for permissions, difficulty in account cancellation, private sharing to third parties, and no permission to use.
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology requires that 58 apps should complete the rectification and implementation work by July 30.
China-Singapore Jingwei reporter combed and found that behind the 58 APPs notified, more than ten US stocks, Hong Kong stocks and A-share listed companies were involved.
For example, “Fangduoduo” is a product of Fangduoduo, a US-listed company. It has five major problems: collecting personal information privately, collecting personal information beyond the scope, sharing it privately to third parties, forcing users to use the targeted push function, and frequently applying for permissions.
According to public information, Fangduo landed on Nasdaq in November 2019 and is “the first real estate intermediary company in China with the industrial Internet SaaS (software service) model”, providing online solutions for many intermediary merchants.
In response to the difficulty in the cancellation of the Qunar APP account pointed out by the notice, according to the Beijing News, Qunar responded that in order to prevent black products from using frequent registration and cancellation for benefits, Qunar has registered and cancelled on the basis of voluntary cancellation.
Considering the convenience of cancellation and account security, the cancellation has been changed to take effect immediately and is currently awaiting review.
A cybersecurity expert, who did not wish to be named, told the Sino-Singapore Jingwei client that the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology has issued APP notifications such as these infringing on user rights and interests three times this year.
Among them, the three problems of private collection of personal information, excessive demand for permissions, and difficulty in account cancellation have been repeatedly “managed”.
It can also be found from the notification that the current APP invasion of privacy is getting more and more attention.
On July 24, on the day of the notification of 58 APPs that infringed on the rights and interests of users, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology said that it had issued a notice a few days ago to deploy and carry out special rectification actions to promote APP infringing users’ rights and interests.
The special rectification will strengthen supervision and inspection in accordance with regulations, urge relevant enterprises to strengthen the protection of APP personal information, timely rectify and eliminate outstanding problems such as illegal collection, use of user personal information, harassment of users, deception and misleading users, and inadequate implementation of application distribution platform management responsibilities, and purify the APP application space.
Lewis family: John Lewis is a fighter who 'fights for the weakest'
U.S. Congressman and civil rights fighter John Lewis was remembered as a fighter who "fighted for the weakest" at a memorial service held in his honour on Saturday (July 25).
Lewis' public memorial service has been held in Alabama since Saturday.
There were two memorial services on the first day.
At a public memorial service at the University of Alabama on Saturday at Troy, Lewis’s five siblings and a nephew spoke of him as a loving, fearless, family-oriented man.
Lewis’ youngest brother, Henry “Grant” Lewis, said at the meeting: “He dedicated his life to helping others.”
Samuel Lewis said his mother had warned John to "don't get in trouble, don't get into trouble."
He added that John had not heeded his mother’s warnings, saying, “We all know that John is always going to get into trouble, always getting into trouble, but that’s because he insists on what’s right, and that’s a good trouble.”
Lewis' siblings reminded those at the memorial service that John's most famous argument was to create "good trouble," that is, to provoke trouble for the sake of justice.
John applied to Troy University in Troy, Alabama, where he was born.
John Lewis, who preached the gospel to chickens on his farm as a child, eventually earned a degree in religion and philosophy from Fisk University.
Years later, Troy University awarded Lewis an honorary doctorate.
Senator Doug Jones from Alabama said the current protesters are "protesting peacefully and nonviolently," as Lewis did with the civil rights movement.
“Even if President Donald Trump overturned a boatload of people in one stroke and called all the protesters thugs, he was wrong,” Jones said.
The protesters are patriots and they want America to move towards a more equal country."
A six-day series of events in Lewis' memory will culminate this week at a funeral in Georgia.
Lewis' coffin was parked Saturday at a public memorial service at Troy University, where people came to pay tribute to the civil rights pioneer.
Later on Saturday, a private service honored him at a chapel in Selma, Alabama, followed by a public memorial service.
On Sunday, Lewis' remains will pass over the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma.
In 1965, he and demonstrators demanding the right to vote for blacks were beaten by Alabama police in front of the bridge, and the police also fired tear gas at the demonstrators.
Lewis was nearly killed.
It was later called "Bloody Sunday".
Lewis' body will be transported to Montgomery, Alabama's capital.
Mayor Steven Reed encouraged people to line up on the sidewalk to join Lewis for the final ride.
Officials are also asking people to wear masks and maintain social distancing.
Alabama Governor Kay Ivey ordered flags to be flown at half-mast on Saturday and Sunday in honor of Lewis.
Lewis' body will be held at the Alabama State Capitol in Montgomery, the Georgia State Capitol in Atlanta, and the U.S. Capitol in Washington.
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced last week that people could come to the U.S. Capitol this Monday and Tuesday to pay their respects to Lewis.
A public event in memory of Lewis will be held outdoors due to the coronavirus pandemic.
Shenzhen seeks public comments on health regulations - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Shenzhen, July 26 (Reporters Mao Siqian, Bai Yu) Encourage residents to do physical examinations to detect problems early; prohibit the sale of alcoholic beverages to minors; establish a health review system for online games;
In order to encourage residents to take physical examinations frequently and detect problems early, the above-mentioned draft proposes that the health and health departments should formulate a basic catalogue of health examination items according to different ages, occupations and other factors.
The medical examination fees within the scope of the basic catalogue of health examination items shall be paid by the social medical insurance pooling fund at the rate of once per person per year.
The Draft for Comments clearly states that employers shall reasonably allocate human resources, arrange employees' work and rest time, and implement a rotation system for employees with heavy mental and physical workloads to avoid excessive loss of human body functions or physical and mental health injuries to employees' health. At the same time, strictly implement the paid leave system for employees.
In addition, the employer should have full-time and part-time health management personnel, and organize regular health examinations for employees.
In terms of the physical and mental health of minors, the draft proposes that the sale of alcoholic beverages to minors is prohibited, and at the same time, the sale of alcoholic beverages is restricted. For those who violate the provisions, the market supervision and management department will order corrections and impose a fine of 30,000 yuan.
In addition to "prohibition", minors should also "more exercise."
According to the requirements of the draft, the school should arrange more than one hour of physical activity for students every day.
For online games, the departments of public security, culture, radio, television, tourism and sports, network supervision, health and health shall improve the health supervision system of Internet access service business places, establish a health review system for online games, and create a good communication space and communication culture for promoting the healthy growth of adolescents.
In addition, the draft also proposes that influenza patients must wear masks when entering and exiting public places, and medical and health institutions will be fined 20,000 yuan for leaking patients’ privacy without consent.
It is worth noting that in addition to the physical and mental health of residents, the Draft also requires that all departments in Shenzhen should assess the impact of public policy implementation on population health before formulating plans and normative documents involving urban spatial planning and construction, industrial park planning and construction, resource development and utilization and ecological environmental protection, and biomedical industry development, as well as approving major construction projects and implementing major public service projects.
Where it has not been evaluated or will have a more serious adverse impact on urban public health or residents' health, it shall not be formulated or approved for implementation.
2020-07-26 19:44:50 Source: People's Daily Author: Zhu Yanjing Responsible Editor: Zhu Yanjing
Recently, General Secretary Xi Jinping stressed during his inspection in Jilin Province that it is necessary to strengthen the leadership of the party, promote the extension of party organizations to the grassroots level, improve the work system of grassroots party organizations, and provide a strong guarantee for urban and rural community governance.
Adhering to the guidance of party building and implementing the party's leadership in all fields and aspects of grassroots governance is a directional and fundamental requirement for doing a good job in grassroots governance.
To improve the level of grassroots governance, we must adhere to the leadership of party building, and promote the transformation of the party's political advantages, organizational advantages and mass work advantages into governance advantages by strengthening political guidance, building fighting fortresses, and concentrating red forces, and passing the party's strength and proposition to the "nerve endings" and "last mile".
Pay attention to calcium casting soul, strengthen political leadership.
To strengthen the political guidance of grassroots governance, we must implement the project of “replenishing calcium and casting soul”.
It is necessary to make a deep understanding of Xi Jinping Thought on Socialism with Chinese Characteristics for a New Era as the primary task, take "not forgetting the original heart and remembering the mission" as the eternal task of party building and the lifelong task of party members and cadres, and strengthen the principle of reading the original text.
Through the combination of online and offline learning methods, broaden the channels of learning and education, and guide grass-roots party organizations and party members and cadres to truly integrate learning and education into their daily lives.
Pay attention to practical exercise, in the process of resolving key and difficult problems in the field of grassroots governance, solve the troubles and troubles of the masses, and temper the party spirit and ability.
Enhance the standard and build a battle fortress.
Grassroots party organizations are not only an important part of the grassroots governance system, but also an important carrier of governance capacity.
To promote the standardized construction of grassroots party organizations, we must start from grasping the working regulations of party branches, focus on problems such as weakening and virtual leadership of party organizations, and strengthen the foundation, make up for shortcomings, and promote development by establishing a linkage mechanism from top to bottom, innovating the form of branch establishment, normalizing and rectifying weak and loose, establishing and improving decision-making mechanisms, and serving the masses.
In rural areas, strengthen the standardized construction of village-level party organizations, standardize organizational forms, learning activities, and management mechanisms in accordance with the standardized construction standards of party branches, and effectively promote the implementation of systems such as "three meetings and one lesson" and theme party day activities.
In cities, we pay attention to street communities, explore innovative forms of branch establishment, focus on weak areas, "blocking points" and "pain points", and actively build urban party building alliances to effectively cover the party's work.
At the same time, establish and improve the grassroots governance governance system and mechanism, improve the decision-making mechanism of discussing major issues, working together on practical matters, deciding on important matters, discussing urgent matters, solving difficulties together, and leading decision-making and discussion mechanisms by grass-roots party organizations, and improve the mechanism for party members and cadres to contact and serve the masses.
Play a pioneering role and gather the power of red.
Grassroots cadres are the cornerstone of grassroots governance.
To improve grassroots governance capacity, focus on improving the governance capacity of grassroots party members and cadres, pay attention to the demonstration and leading role of "red cells" in grassroots governance, and consolidate red forces at the forefront of contacting and serving the masses.
It is necessary to make improving governance capacity a compulsory course for grassroots party members and cadres, continuously strengthen ideological tempering, professional training, and practical exercise, carry forward the spirit of responsibility in their own posts and in urgent and dangerous tasks, and lay a solid foundation for promoting the modernization of the national governance system and governance capacity.
It is necessary to widely carry out "community whistle blowing, party member registration" activities, participate in community construction, management and service by participating in the theme party day activities, contacting the masses in difficulties, determining service projects, claiming micro-wishes, and putting forward reasonable suggestions.
It is necessary to give full play to the role of unemployed party members in rural areas, and guide the majority of grassroots party members to actively participate in poverty alleviation, ecological construction, petitions and stability maintenance, straw banning and other work by setting up unemployed party member pioneer posts and setting up unemployed party member working teams to better integrate red forces and serve the people.
The foundation is solid and the building is solid.
Grassroots party organizations are the foundation of the ruling edifice.
Only by insisting on strengthening the relationship between the party and the cadres and increasing the well-being of the people, and taking the leadership of party building as the fundamental way to promote the innovation and development of grassroots governance, can we lay a solid foundation, let grassroots party organizations pull out and stand up, grassroots party members and cadres can catch up and rush up, and promote grassroots governance to have a "soul", orderly, powerful and effective.
Author: Lino
Tibetan antelope in Hoh Xil enter relocation season - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Xining, July 25 (Reporter Wang Jinjin) The reporter learned from the Wudaoliang Protection Station of the Hoh Xil Management Office of the Yangtze River Source Park of the Sanjiangyuan National Park Administration that monitoring showed that the Tibetan antelopes that had migrated to the Zhuonai Lake area in the hinterland of Hoh Xil were ending their calving and began to return to their original habitat.
On July 25, about 40 female Tibetan antelopes led three Tibetan antelope cubs through the 3002 kilometers of the Qinghai-Tibet Highway and the Wudaoliang North Bridge of the Qinghai-Tibet Railway.
According to experts, in recent years, the number of Tibetan antelope cubs in the relocated flock accounts for one-fourth to one-fifth of the total number of Tibetan antelopes.
Lian Xinming, an associate researcher at the Northwest Institute of Plateau Biology, Chinese Academy of Sciences, said: "In the early stage of the migration, Tibetan antelopes face a higher risk of predation, so the number of cubs in the flock will be relatively small, and there may even be no cubs."
According to statistics from the Hoh Xil Management Office of the Yangtze River Source Park of the Sanjiangyuan National Park Administration, the number of Tibetan antelopes has increased year by year. The number of Tibetan antelopes in 2019 was 4,860, an increase of 338 over 2018.
Lian Xinming said: "It is expected that this year's Tibetan antelope relocation will end in early September, and the number of relocated Tibetan antelopes is still expected to continue to increase."
The Tibetan antelope is a national first-class protected animal.
At the end of May every year, Tibetan antelopes from Sanjiangyuan in Qinghai, Qiangtang in Tibet, and Altyn Mountain in Xinjiang go to Zhuonai Lake in the hinterland of Hoh Xil to give birth.
Wu Xiaomin, an expert on Tibetan antelope conservation in China and a researcher at the Shaanxi Institute of Zoology (Northwest Institute of Endangered Animals), said: "Tibetan antelope relocation is the process of female Tibetan antelopes returning to their habitats after giving birth. At first, the repatriation group leaving the calving area is relatively large, but then the Tibetan antelope will return to their respective habitats according to different geographical populations and along different paths."
In order to ensure the safe return of the Tibetan antelope, the reporter learned that the Hoh Xil Management Office of the Yangtze River Source Park of the Sanjiangyuan National Park Administration has arranged staff to continue video monitoring and patrolling in the main relocation area.
If a herd of Tibetan antelopes is found trying to cross the road, the patrol team will conduct temporary traffic control at the first time to allow the herd to safely pass through the wildlife channel to ensure that they are as little as possible from human interference on the way back.
So, how do you cope with the heat in your daily life?
Experts suggest that summer go out as far as possible to avoid high temperature periods, it is best not to walk or work in the hot sun around noon, because the sun is the strongest during this time, the possibility of heat stroke is higher.
If you must go out during this time, be sure to do a good job of protective work, such as playing umbrellas, wearing sun hats, wearing sunglasses, and the best conditions to apply sunscreen to prevent sunburn.
Clothes try to choose light-colored, breathable cotton, linen, silk texture, wear less chemical fiber clothing, so as not to dissipate heat in time when sweating a lot, causing heat stroke.
Do not wait until you are thirsty to drink water, because once you feel thirsty, your body is already short of water.
According to the temperature, the average person drinks 1.5 liters to 2 liters of water a day, and the high temperature workers drink 3 liters to 5 liters of water a day.
When you sweat more, you can add some salt water to make up for the salt lost by sweating.
In addition, in summer, the human body is prone to potassium deficiency, which makes people feel tired and tired.
In summer, eat more fruits and vegetables with high water content, such as lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, etc.; fresh fruits, such as peaches, apricots, watermelons, melons, etc., with a water content of 80% to 90%, can be used to replenish water; dairy products can not only replenish water, but also meet the nutritional needs of the body.
In addition, people who work in high temperature environments should be properly supplemented with drinks containing potassium and magnesium.
In summer, the days are long and the nights are short, the temperature is high, the body's metabolism is strong, the consumption is also large, and it is easy to feel tired.
Adequate sleep can relax the brain and body systems, which is conducive to work and study, and is also a measure to prevent heat stroke.
Experts say the best bedtime is 22 to 23 o'clock, the best time to get up is 5:30 to 6:30.
Be careful not to lie under the air-conditioning vents and electric fans during sleep to avoid air-conditioning diseases and heat colds.
Experts suggest that people in outdoor activities or high-temperature operations can carry ten drops of water, Rendan, Huoxiangzhengqi water or Huoxiangzhengqi pills and other heatstroke drugs, or place them in the nearest workplace and use them at any time to prevent heat stroke.
Graduate art exhibition moved to shopping mall for public welfare exhibition - Xinhua English.news.cn
In the season of "cloud graduation" in major colleges and universities, a rare offline graduate art exhibition opened warmly last weekend.
However, it is neither in the art museum nor on campus, but in the public space of Chaoyang Joy City, which is free and open to the public until August 23.
The reporter learned that this 2020 graduate art exhibition collected 50 works/groups of 57 young artists from the Central Academy of Fine Arts, Communication University of China and Tianjin Academy of Fine Arts.
During the pandemic, this exhibition has a special significance.
Ge Ping, head of the Mei Chen of Chaoyang Joy City, said: “We chose to bring the graduation exhibition to the ‘cloud’ back to the offline space again, and hope that more people can see the young people’s exploration of themselves and the understanding of the world, and amplify the healing power of art on society and the soul.”
She revealed that the works in the exhibition were collected from graduates of several major art schools, and selected suitable for commercial space display. The forms of works range from traditional easel paintings and sculptures to new media installations, interactive animations, and VR panoramas. The volume and richness are the most in the past.
Among them, Li Yunxiao expressed his feelings in the epidemic through a mixture of mechanical and manual creative language in "The First Battle of 2020"; Liu Jiaying's work "Sound Money" created through the Ethereum blockchain explored themes such as "cryptocurrency", "credit creation", "transaction"; Zhang Jiaqi's "Cat Forest" and Qiu Daqiang's "Zhu"
Among the few graduates who set up the exhibition in person was Li Jingyin from the Sculpture Department of Tianjin Academy of Fine Arts.
"I came to Beijing on July 7. I was actually a little worried about the epidemic at that time. I also did a nucleic acid test three days in advance. I came to the exhibition with alcohol cotton and test reports."
His work, "Yesterday Is a Mystery," is more complex and must be done by hand.
At the same time, he also took on the task of helping students repair damaged works.
“The exhibition was set up until 4:30 in the morning, and then repaired. The time was very tight, and I forgot to take a photo with the work. It’s a little regrettable.”
He hopes that when the epidemic situation is more stable, he will come to Beijing to see his works exhibition with his classmates.
(Reporter Li Li)
That morning, Bolsonaro, 65, tweeted a photo of him wearing sneakers and no mask, sitting at a breakfast table, smiling, with a thumbs up in one hand and a box of hydroxychloroquine in the other.
He tweeted: "Good morning everyone! Coronavirus test result: Negative."
However, Bolsonaro did not say when the test for the new coronavirus turned negative was carried out.
On July 5, Bolsonaro developed symptoms of new coronary pneumonia, tested positive for the virus on the 6th, and announced on live TV on the 7th that he was diagnosed with new coronary pneumonia.
On the 14th and 21st, Bolsonaro was tested twice for the new coronavirus, and the results were still positive.
During the quarantine, Bolsonaro repeatedly showed the hydroxychloroquine drugs he took through social media live broadcast, and said that hydroxychloroquine had a good effect on new coronary pneumonia, and he felt very good after taking it.
According to Brazilian media reports, as of now, Brazil has five cabinet ministers and 10 governors diagnosed with the new crown pneumonia.
Small plane crashes in Swiss Alps, killing all four on board - Xinhua English.news.cn
On July 25, local time, Swiss police informed the media that a small plane crashed in the Swiss Alps on the 25th.
Two Swiss and two Austrians were killed in the crash.
A small plane crashed at an altitude of more than 3,000 meters near the peak of the Valais Alps in southern Switzerland, police said in a statement. Rescuers arrived at the scene of the crash and confirmed that all four people on board were killed.
The Valais cantonal police said a witness called police at 12:25 p.m. on the 25th to report that he had witnessed a small plane falling from the sky.
A few minutes later, witnesses reported to police that smoke was billowing from the crash site.
After receiving the alarm, the police quickly coordinated firemen, paramedics and rescuers and sent a helicopter to the scene of the accident.
When rescuers arrived at the crash site, they found that all four people on board were dead.
Police confirmed that the victims included two Swiss, aged 50 and 66, and two Austrians, aged 46 and 50.
Police said they are currently working with the Swiss Transport Safety Investigation Board to investigate the cause of the crash.
Heavy rain in 33 districts and counties in Chongqing issued yellow and orange warning for flooding jqknews
China News Service, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporter Liu Xianglin) The reporter learned from the Chongqing Water Conservancy Bureau on the 26th that in the past 24 hours, heavy rains occurred in 33 districts and counties in Chongqing, including 16 districts and counties.
Heavy rain caused flooding in 71 small and medium-sized rivers in Chongqing, and two flood warnings have been issued in the local area.
According to the monitoring of Chongqing Hydrological Monitoring Station, from 8:00 on the 25th to 8:00 on the 26th, heavy rains occurred in most parts of Chongqing and local heavy rains.
33 districts and counties such as Tongnan, Tongliang and Hechuan experienced heavy rains, including 16 districts and counties such as Zhongxian, Kaizhou and Wuxi. The maximum daily rainfall occurred in Longshan Village, Jinshan Town, Nanchuan, which was 197.5 mm.
Tongnan Fujiang, Qiongjiang, Kaizhou Nanhe and other 71 small and medium-sized rivers appeared 1 to 7 meters of water process, the highest water level did not exceed the warning level.
It is estimated that from 8:00 on the 26th to 8:00 on the 27th, small and medium-sized rivers in most areas of Chongqing may have different degrees of flooding, and individual small and medium-sized rivers may have floods that exceed the warning level.
At the same time, the local government will also pay attention to the possible transit floods of the Yangtze River and Jialing River.
CBA ushered in the first audience after the rematch, want to pay attention to these playoffs jqknews
2020-07-26 20:26:01 Source: China News Network Author: Yue Chuan Editor in charge: Yue Chuan
According to the official news of the CBA League, the CBA Qingdao Division finally ushered in the first batch of fans after the rematch today.
On-site fans include Qingdao Mobile staff, doctors, teachers, public security personnel and other people who have made outstanding contributions to society during the epidemic. On July 31, the CBA playoffs of this season officially started, and ticket sales for fans will also be officially resumed.
Affected by the epidemic, the CBA league resumed on June 20 after nearly five months of hiatus.
Although there were not many spectators entering the game on the afternoon of the 26th, the sense of camp at the scene was already obvious: some people were applauding, while others were silent.
The players on the pitch and the fans off the court are also fighting each other, such a picture has not been seen for a long time.
If you want to watch the playoffs live, here's what you need to know.
The venue for the opening of fans to purchase tickets is the Diamond Gymnasium of Qingdao Guoxin Sports Center (Laoshan Division). The system of online real-name ticket purchase and offline real-name admission is fully implemented. All fans must be at least 12 years old and hold a nucleic acid test certificate within 48 hours.
Reward 50,000 yuan Hubei Enshi praises Shaziba landslide "early warning first person" jqknews
Hubei Daily News (Reporter Lin Jing) July 26, Enshi City circular to praise for the Shaziba landslide early warning made an important contribution to the geological disaster site monitor Chen Guangming, and sent him a bonus of 50,000 yuan.
At the same time, he called on the party members and cadres of the city to learn from his dedication, dare to take responsibility, initiative, and dedication.
On July 21, a landslide occurred in Shaziba, Mazhe Village, Tunbao Township, Enshi City, causing the formation of a dammed lake in the main stream of the Qingjiang River. Chen Guangming, 58, was the first person to warn of the landslide.
On the afternoon of July 17, Chen Guangming learned that the walls of the villagers' homes were cracking and immediately went to the scene to check.
He just walked out of his home five or six hundred meters, they saw the village road split four or five centimeters, along the road has been extended to the cornfield, about 50 meters in length.
Chen Guangming Dunsheng alert, the first time the road cracking photos sent to the township "geological disaster monitors contact group".
The Tunpu Township Natural Planning by the relevant person in charge of on-site inspection and judgment, the possibility of landslide is very large, then make the decision to evacuate the masses.
Chen Guangming's timely warning for the safe evacuation of 1,339 people from 315 households in the affected area won 36 hours of valuable time.
There were no casualties in this major disaster.
Chen Guangming's serious and responsible professionalism was praised by the masses.
Facing the praise, he said, “No one has been saved, it’s my responsibility.”
Australian university develops new drug to treat blood vessel blockage caused by new crown - Xinhua English.news.cn
SYDNEY, July 26 (Xinhua) -- Researchers at Monash University in Australia are developing a new drug that could help prevent heart attacks and strokes, and hope it could be used to treat blood vessel blockages caused by the coronavirus.
Researchers have found that an enzyme in platelets accelerates platelet clotting before a heart attack or stroke.
This led to the development of a drug that temporarily inhibits platelet clotting, preventing blood vessels from clogging and preventing heart attacks and strokes.
The researchers say the drug only inhibits the clotting effect of platelets when there are signs of a heart attack or stroke.
Since studies have shown that similar blood vessel blockages are one of the leading causes of death in patients with severe new crowns, the researchers hope that the drug can be used in the treatment of such severe patients in the future.
At present, the drug has achieved good results in animal model experiments, and researchers are preparing for the next phase of human clinical trials.
The findings were recently published in the journal Science Translational Medicine.
He became the first spectator to enter the stadium after the CBA League rematch allowed spectators to watch the game live.
On the same day, in the second phase of the 2019-2020 season of the Chinese Men's Basketball Professional League (CBA) rematch (Laoshan Division) held in Qingdao, Shandong, medical staff, teachers, and public security fronts completed the relevant processes including nucleic acid testing through the official ticketing platform.
Spectators will be required to wear masks at all times during the event, and must be seated at a distance of one meter.
When exiting the stage, the audience must follow the order of back to front, first to both sides and then to the middle, and maintain the social distance of "one meter line" in an orderly manner.
Xinjiang deep plows "sunflower fields" and makes good use of clean energy - Xinhua English.news.cn
2020-07-26 15:43:42 Source: China News Network Author: Chen Haifeng Responsible Editor: Chen Haifeng
China News Agency, Hami, Xinjiang, July 26 Question: Xinjiang deeply cultivates "sunflower fields" and makes good use of clean energy
More than 6,000 pentagonal heliostats, each 48 square meters, are arranged neatly in a circle, such as a silver "sunflower field", which rotates with the sun and reflects the sunlight to the center more than 200 meters high heat absorption tower to achieve power generation.
The reporter saw this scene on the 25th at the Hami molten salt tower solar thermal power plant of CLP Engineering in Naomaohu Town, Yiwu County, Hami City, Xinjiang.
"The so-called molten salt tower CSP is to reflect sunlight through the mirror to the heat absorption tower to form heat energy, and then convert the heat energy into electricity through traditional power generation technology."
Zhang Yong, deputy general manager of CLP Hami Solar Thermal Power Co., Ltd., said that its design principle is similar to that of solar cookers used in rural areas in northwest China, which must gather sunlight.
The power plant started construction in October 2017 and was connected to the grid at the end of last year. It covers an area of 6,600 mu and plans to install 14,500 heliostats.
“The biggest advantage over conventional solar power technology is the ability to store the collected thermal energy and generate electricity at night.”
Zhang Yong said that the 13-hour heat storage system configured by the project can enable the generator set to maintain continuous and stable operation without being affected by changes in illumination; it can also quickly participate in power grid peak shaving according to the peak and valley demand of the power grid load.
After the project is completed, it can achieve an annual power generation of 198 million kWh, save more than 60,000 tons of standard coal every year, reduce more than 60 tons of sulfur dioxide, more than 60 tons of nitrogen oxides, about 20 tons of smoke and dust, and more than 150,000 tons of carbon dioxide.
In addition, there is another silver "sunflower field" in the Shichengzi Photovoltaic Industrial Park of Hami City.
Hami Foguang Solar Photovoltaic Power Station covers an area of more than 2,300 mu. The 714 power generation equipment that have been built also follow the sun, and always keep the sunlight and the concentrating panel at a right angle of 90 degrees.
“We use dual-axis tracking concentrating power generation technology. Through unified integrated control, all power generation equipment will adjust the angle according to the height of the sun to maintain power generation efficiency.”
Duan Mengqi, director of the power station, said that under good weather conditions, the power generation technology can improve the efficiency of photovoltaic power generation by about 20% compared with traditional photovoltaic power generation.
In the first half of this year, the power station has generated more than 7 million kWh, supplementing the local electricity demand.
Shichengzi Photovoltaic Industrial Park is currently a photovoltaic industry demonstration park with the largest monomer scale and the most complete photovoltaic module types in Xinjiang, with a total of 38 photovoltaic power generation projects with a total installed capacity of 820,000 kilowatts.
In the first half of this year, more than 110 million kWh of power generation was completed, an increase of 6% over the same period in 2019.
Hami is one of the regions with the best solar energy resources in China.
The annual average total solar radiation is more than 6200 megajoules per square meter, and the annual sunshine hours are about 3200 hours.
In recent years, the city has vigorously developed the photovoltaic industry and planted "sunflower fields".
Has been built installed capacity of more than 250 million kilowatts of solar power generation scale, the first half of this year, the city's photovoltaic power generation exceeded 1.4 billion degrees, an increase of about 14%.
At present, there are more than 330 grid-connected photovoltaic power stations in Xinjiang, with an installed capacity of more than 10 million kilowatts.
It is expected that the annual photovoltaic power generation will reach 15 billion kWh this year, which can replace more than 6 million tons of standard coal.
Police report details of "female college students traveling to Qinghai lost contact" search and rescue work continues - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xining News Agency, Xining, July 26 (Reporter Wang Jinjin Zhou Zhe) Recently, "a female college student lost contact after traveling to Golmud, Qinghai" attracted the attention of netizens.
The Public Security Bureau of Golmud City, Haixi Mongolian and Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Qinghai Province reported on the 26th that Huang Moumou, a student of a university in Nanjing, is still in a state of missing contact.
On July 10, 2020, the Public Security Detachment of the Golmud Public Security Bureau of Haixi Prefecture received a notice from the superior that Huang Moumou, a student of a university in Nanjing, took the Z164 train from Nanjing to Golmud on July 5 and was turned off and lost contact at the southwest area of Qingshui River at the Soonandajie Protection Station in Qumalai County, Yushu Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Qinghai Province on July 9.
According to the investigation of the Golmud Public Security Bureau, Huang Moumou entered Qinghai Province at 19:54 on July 6 and arrived in Golmud City at 4:00 on the 7th.
At 8:00 on the same day, Huang Moumou, the missing person, took a taxi from the Yellow River Hotel in Golmud City towards G109 National Road, and arrived at the Hoh Xili Sonandajie Protection Station at 12:00. The taxi driver returned alone. Huang Moumou arrived at the Qingshui River area near the Soonandajie Protection Station at 15:00 on the 7th until 18:00 on the 9th. Shut down in the area.
In further investigation, the police found that Huang Moumou had passed through the Naijigou checkpoint at 17:07 on July 13.
The Naijigou Checkpoint is a checkpoint set up by Nagqu City, Tibet Autonomous Region at Nanshankou, Golmud City. Because the checkpoint has no video surveillance, it is impossible to determine the information of the person and the vehicle. The police can only search along the road. Coordinating the checkpoints along the road in Tibet. If Huang Moumou is found, immediately get in touch with the Golmud Public Security Bureau.
According to the latest situation, at 1 a.m. on July 26, the Golmud Public Security Bureau organized rescue forces to carry rescue equipment to the Non-frozen Springs Protection Station and Sonan Dajie Protection Station along the Qinghai-Tibet Highway to search, and actively contacted the Sichuan Police, the Tibet Police and the Nanjing Police to work together.
The local police hope that the majority of netizens and all walks of life have relevant clues to provide Golmud police and Nanjing Jiangning police in a timely manner, and strive to find the missing person Huang Moumou as soon as possible.
At the same time, the relevant experts suggest that tourists should be standardized, rational and civilized when they are outdoors, and always pay attention to roadside warning signs.
U.S. media uncovered the truth of the U.S. unwarranted demand for China to close its consulate in Houston - Xinhua English.news.cn
Source: CCTV Author: Zhu Yanjing Editor in charge: Zhu Yanjing
US media reveals the truth of the US unwarranted demand for China to close its consulate in Houston
On the 24th, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs informed the US Embassy in China that China has decided to revoke the establishment and operation permit of the US Consulate General in Chengdu, and put forward specific requirements for the consulate general to stop all business and activities, as a countermeasure to the United States suddenly requesting the Chinese side to close the Consulate General in Houston on the 21st.
The U.S. government’s actions have attracted much attention, and its political motives have been questioned by foreign media and scholars.
Why did you ask the Chinese side to close the consulate?
Many foreign media said that it is not clear why the United States would choose the Chinese consulate general in Houston, but for the purpose of this move, foreign media said bluntly: for the election.
CNN reported on the 23rd that the United States asked China to close its consulate in Houston, raising public questions about its political motives.
The U.S. government’s disastrous response to the coronavirus pandemic has led to a slump in President Donald Trump’s polling ratings ahead of the election.
White House officials have said privately that the tough approach to China is an attempt to salvage Trump’s approval ratings and to deflect blame for the White House’s failure to respond to the outbreak.
The Chinese consulate in Houston was a “politically driven and very cautious” target chosen by the U.S. government “in order to create a tough attitude while avoiding the risk of a major conflict.”
The BBC also believes that Trump believes that "playing the 'China card' has political advantages" at a time when the US election season is approaching and the US economy is hit hard by the epidemic.
The current situation is “a spiraling, tit-for-tat struggle,” driven in part by the U.S. government’s domestic considerations, and will only exacerbate tensions between the U.S. and China.
CBS News reported that Trump's reelection prospects were under pressure due to the outbreak, which he has repeatedly blamed China for.
Almost every day, the United States has new actions against Trump’s absurd rhetoric that “China is exploiting America.”
“The Consulate General in Houston is very important in building ties between the two countries”
The Associated Press commented that the United States demanded that China close its consulate general in Houston, adding to tensions between the world's two largest economies.
If the Chinese Consulate General in Houston is closed, in addition to the diplomatic implications, Chinese nationals in the southern U.S. face difficulties in accessing consular services, as do U.S. citizens seeking visas and other services.
A Houston business group lamented the U.S. request for China to close its consulate general in Houston, saying the consulate has played an important role in building trade, investment and cultural ties between the two countries.
The Associated Press believes that this reflects the importance of China's economy.
The US Foreign Policy magazine website said that the US move was "part of a series of provocative moves that will only worsen US-China relations."
Jonathan Pollack, an East Asian expert at the Brookings Institution, said that since the two countries established full diplomatic relations in 1979, he can't think of anything comparable to the US action against the Chinese consulate in Houston.
Hong Kong's South China Morning Post reported that the US move is unprecedented in more than 40 years of diplomatic relations between China and the United States.
Analysts believe the move could cause lasting damage.
The Chinese Consulate General in Houston was established in 1979 as the first Chinese consulate in the United States.
Currently, China has one embassy and five consulates in the United States.
Russia holds military parade to celebrate Navy Day - Xinhua English.news.cn
Vessels parade for Naval Day celebrations in St Petersburg, Russia, July 26, 2018.
Xinhua News Agency (photo by Mo Tina)
MOSCOW, July 26 (Xinhua) -- Russian fleets held a military parade on July 26 to mark the 324th anniversary of the founding of the Russian Navy.
On the same day, the Russian North Sea, Baltic Sea, Black Sea, Caspian Sea and Pacific Fleet held military parades in the waters where their respective bases are located. A total of 15,000 troops, 219 ships of various types and 71 military aircraft participated.
Russian President and Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces Vladimir Putin attended the parade of the Baltic Fleet.
About 4,000 troops, 46 ships and more than 40 warplanes participated in the local parade.
Putin first reviewed the fleet of ships in the waters of the Kronstadt naval base in the Baltic Sea.
After that, he arrived in the waters of the Neva River in the center of St. Petersburg by speedboat and went ashore to watch the military parade on the Neva River.
Putin said in a speech at the military parade that the modern technology level of Russian naval equipment has continued to improve in recent years, and the Russian Navy will receive a total of about 40 new ships equipped with a unique hypersonic strike system in 2020.
In addition, the Russian Navy Commander-in-Chief Yevmenov said in an interview with the Russian Ministry of Defense organ "Red Star" that Russia's plan to build ships has been effectively implemented, and the number of new ships planned to be received by the Russian Navy in 2020 is the largest in recent years.
In 1696, Tsar Peter the Great began the creation of a naval fleet.
The last Sunday of July is the Russian Navy Day.
In response to the new changes in epidemic prevention and control, since July 17, trade unions at all levels in Xinjiang have responded to the call of the Autonomous Region Federation of Trade Unions and actively participated in the epidemic prevention and control work.
Cadres, workers and model workers of the trade union in the north and south of Tianshan entered the streets, communities and residents to carry out activities such as delivery of vegetables and medicines, disinfection and sterilization, and publicity of epidemic prevention knowledge to serve the workers and the masses and demonstrate the "hard core strength" of the trade union with practical actions.
Recently, the condolence group of the Tianshan District Federation of Trade Unions in Urumqi sent a batch of urgently needed epidemic prevention and control living materials to the staff of 12 isolation points.
After the outbreak of the epidemic, Tianshan District immediately invested more than 1.05 million yuan and allocated it to 23 directly affiliated grassroots trade unions.
After receiving the company's notice on epidemic prevention and control, Zhao Xiangguo, deputy secretary of the Party Committee and chairman of the labor union of China Construction Xinjiang Construction Engineering Co., Ltd., took the initiative to ask to stay on duty in the unit to escort the employees.
He sent cooking utensils, food and daily necessities to the new employees living in the dormitory of the unit, and organized the staff to send them the necessary materials for life every two days.
"Since July 21, the cadres and workers who stick to the front line of the epidemic have been thoroughly investigated, and online orders have been placed and merchants delivered to the door, and 704 front-line workers in Urumqi have supplemented the purchase of epidemic prevention supplies and living materials."
The person in charge of the Xinjiang Transportation Trade Union told reporters that in the face of the sudden epidemic, they have made every effort to ensure the prevention and control of the epidemic, steadily promote the development of transportation, and create a strong atmosphere of fighting the epidemic together.
At present, it is a high temperature in summer, and trade unions at all levels are paying close attention to front-line workers in key areas of epidemic prevention and control, and implementing the care and care of "sending cool".
On July 19, the Urumqi County Federation of Trade Unions launched a "send cool" condolence activity to the frontline workers of epidemic prevention and control. Police stations, checkpoints and health systems in the county received drinks, fruits and other condolences.
"Trade union cadres should further improve their political positions, strengthen their responsibilities, warm people with care, and inspire fighting spirit with actions.
It is necessary to give full play to the role of trade unions in uniting and uniting workers, do a good job in epidemic prevention and control services, actively safeguard the health rights and interests of workers, and send care to front-line workers.
A spokesman for the regional trade union said.
Direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers in 2020 in full swing - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Jia Qilong) The Political Work Department of the Military Commission and the National Defense Mobilization Department of the Military Commission recently issued a notice to deploy the direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers from ordinary college graduates in 2020.
This year, the direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers covers more than 270 military and civilian general majors in 64 categories such as computer, automation, and machinery, focusing on increasing the recruitment of drones, navigation, aerospace, electronic information, small languages and other majors.
This year, the direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers will be organized and implemented simultaneously with the recruitment of conscripts, which will begin on August 1 and end on September 30.
Recruited young people can check the conditions for direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers and the distribution of recruiting majors through the national conscription website (website: http://www.gfbzb.gov.cn).
Qualified young people who are unable to be recruited as non-commissioned officers due to the restrictions on their majors and plans may participate in the recruitment of compulsory military service. When they are selected as non-commissioned officers at the end of their compulsory military service, the number of years of study in ordinary colleges and universities according to the prescribed school system shall be regarded as service time.
This year, the recruitment of non-commissioned officers will be organized by the conscription office of the people's government at the provincial or prefecture level. Majors with rich application potential will be selected on the basis of comprehensively measuring the academic level of the applicants, the results of professional courses during school, and the acquisition of vocational qualification certificates. Scarce majors will be targeted to local colleges that meet the professional requirements and have recruitment advantages.
According to the requirements of normalized prevention and control of the epidemic, this year's direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers will not arrange self-reporting in principle, and will be organized and operated simultaneously with conscripts.
The time for direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers is from September 1, 2020, and the time when the unit issues the order of non-commissioned officers is December 1, 2020.
The unit receiving units will scientifically formulate enlistment and professional training programs, and carefully organize training; after the completion of the training, according to the principle of professional counterparts and uniform recruitment, the recruited non-commissioned officers will be uniformly and accurately assigned to the counterpart professional and technical positions.
Spokesperson of the Chinese Embassy in the UK: The Chinese government is a staunch defender of cybersecurity - Xinhua English.news.cn
China News Service, July 26 (Xinhua) According to the website of the Chinese embassy in the UK, on the 25th, a spokesman for the Chinese embassy in the UK answered a reporter's question on the wrong statement about cyber attacks.
The spokesperson stressed that the Chinese government is a staunch defender of cybersecurity and has always resolutely opposed and cracked down on any form of cyberattacks and cybercrimes.
Q: According to media reports, China-related hacking groups have interfered with the network system of a British company, launched attacks on British and American technology companies with patented data, and hacked into EU government networks.
The spokesman said that the Chinese government is a staunch defender of cybersecurity and has always resolutely opposed and cracked down on any form of cyberattacks and cybercrimes.
Cyberspace is highly virtual, difficult to trace, and diverse in actors. When investigating and characterizing cyber incidents, sufficient evidence should be produced instead of unwarranted speculation.
The spokesman said that the past "Prism Gate" and a series of incidents prove that the United States has been the world's largest range of cyber theft operations.
Maintaining peace and stability in cyberspace is in the common interest of all countries.
The spokesman pointed out that China's achievements in scientific and technological innovation were not stolen or robbed, but achieved through self-reliance and hard work.
In 2019, China filed about 59,000 patent applications through the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT), with an annual growth rate of 10.6%, becoming the country with the largest number of international patent applications.
China has become an innovation and intellectual property powerhouse.
According to data from the Urumqi Central Sub-branch of the People's Bank of China, in the first half of the year, new loans to agriculture-related and small and micro enterprises in Xinjiang exceeded the annual increase in 2019.
In the first half of this year, the Urumqi Central Sub-branch of the People's Bank of China used a variety of monetary policy tools to guide the banking industry to continuously increase lending, providing sufficient funding for epidemic prevention and control and resumption of work and production.
Most areas of free nucleic acid testing in Urumqi have basically completed secondary testing in high-risk areas jqknews
China News Service, Urumqi, July 26 (Reporter Sun Tingwen Zhao Yamin) Zhang Wei, director of the Urumqi Municipal Health and Health Commission, told the latest epidemic situation and nucleic acid testing in Urumqi on the 26th that at present, most of the free nucleic acid testing work in Urumqi City has been basically completed.
The State Council expert group and experts from the autonomous region and Urumqi are making further assessments of the development of the epidemic based on the results of nucleic acid testing and epidemiological investigations.
The Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region Information Office held a press conference on the 26th to report on the epidemic situation and prevention and control in Xinjiang.
According to him, from 00:00 to 24:00 on July 25, 22 new confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia were added in Urumqi (of which 5 were converted to confirmed cases of asymptomatic infection), and 38 new asymptomatic infections were added.
As of 24:00 on July 25, Urumqi has 135 confirmed cases and 147 asymptomatic infections.
The new asymptomatic infections on the 25th were basically tested through free nucleic acid testing and active screening in the city.
Zhang Wei, director of the Urumqi Municipal Health and Health Commission, said on the 26th that most of the free nucleic acid testing work in Urumqi City has been basically completed.
He also said that from the experience of other regions in China, there are many factors that affect the results of nucleic acid testing, such as the sensitivity of the detection reagent, the time of infection and detoxification of the tested personnel, the cooperation of the tested person when the specimen is taken (poor cooperation may lead to the specimen is not in place), and the testing environment, the operation proficiency of the inspectors, etc.
Nucleic acid tests can also give false negative results for various reasons.
The so-called false negative means that the tested person is indeed infected, but the nucleic acid test result is negative.
In addition, for people who have been in close contact with confirmed or suspected cases, two nucleic acid tests are usually required to be excluded.
For people who have been to high-risk areas of the epidemic, if they have fever and respiratory symptoms, a negative nucleic acid test may be false negative, so two nucleic acid tests are also required to rule out.
He said that in view of the above situation, for the health of the people of all ethnic groups in the city, starting today, Urumqi will conduct a second free nucleic acid test in key areas such as Tianshan District and Shayibak District, and carry out "checking for omissions".
It is reported that Tianshan District and Shayibak District are high-risk areas for the epidemic.
Offline streamlining "cloud" warm Shanghai International Film Festival reveals unusual industry confidence jqknews
2020-07-26 06:52:39 Source: Wen Wei Po Author: Wang Sishuo Editor: Wang Sishuo
Offline streamlining "cloud" is warm, Shanghai International Film Festival reveals unusual industry confidence
Yesterday, the 2020 Shanghai International Film and Television Festival, held against the background of strict epidemic prevention measures, kicked off the 23rd Shanghai International Film Festival with an industry summit forum of "all-round well-off, building a new era".
As the first international film and television festival held since the continuous spread of the global epidemic and the normalization of epidemic prevention and control in China, this year's Shanghai International Film Festival is of great significance.
On the basis of doing a good job in normalizing epidemic prevention and control, holding the Shanghai International Film and Television Festival is not only a declaration of confidence, but also a declaration of determination - our confidence and determination to overcome the epidemic will remain unchanged, our confidence and determination to run a people's festival will remain unchanged, and our confidence and determination to build a global film and television creation center and launch the "Shanghai Culture" brand will remain unchanged.
Every year, the Shanghai International Film Festival, with the attitude of continuous innovation and continuous improvement, is a new start and a new beginning.
Therefore, it is necessary to take every step to meet the spiritual life of the people and serve the high-quality development of the film and television industry.
Even more so this year.
In order to cherish the hard-won epidemic prevention and control situation, on the one hand, the Shanghai International Film Festival strictly adheres to the epidemic prevention requirements and implements the epidemic prevention and control measures in detail.
On the first day of the opening, from offline viewing to industry forums, relevant activities of the film festival strictly implemented relevant epidemic prevention policies.
Forum activities are controlled within 50 people, and the attendance rate is strictly controlled within 30%.
As the organizing committee of the film festival upholds, in any case, "putting people's lives and health first" is a major premise.
Offline activities have been greatly streamlined, and “on the cloud” has been a lot of fun.
In order to implement the important concept of "people's cities are built by the people, people's cities are for the people", as a festival for the people, this year's Shanghai International Film Festival plans to innovate and transform, and uses online "cloud screening", master class "cloud sharing" and other measures to meet the diverse needs of fans.
On the first day of the opening day, the official partners of the film festival, Migu Video and Oriental Pearl TV, respectively, brought a number of “Belt and Road” films to the cloud to give back to fans.
In the evening, the opening forum of Jinjue and the master class of Jia Zhangke were also launched on multiple platforms such as CCTV, Learning Power, and Wenhui App, so that people can pay attention to the latest trends in Chinese movies without leaving home.
At the opening forum yesterday, Yan Xiaoming, member of the Party Group and Deputy Director of the Central Radio and Television General Station, delivered a speech and announced the opening of the film festival. Zhou Huilin, member of the Standing Committee of the Shanghai Municipal Party Committee and Minister of the Propaganda Department, delivered a speech. Vice Mayor Zong Ming attended.
White House coronavirus expert Fauci: Cautiously optimistic about vaccine in early 2021
Fauci made the remarks at an online video conference hosted by the International Leadership Foundation on the 25th.
He cautioned that it is not clear how the new crown epidemic will develop in the autumn and winter, nor what the ultimate impact of the epidemic will be, "and the only way to end this is for each of us to choose to be part of the solution."
According to data from Johns Hopkins University in the United States, as of 21:00 on the 25th, the number of confirmed cases of the new crown in the United States has reached 4.176 million and 146,000 deaths.
Fauci said that some parts of the United States are currently struggling with the rebound of the epidemic.
Although the epidemic situation varies from place to place and needs to be tailored to local conditions, diversified anti-epidemic strategies do not mean that there are no close links between regions.
An outbreak in one region will eventually affect other regions.
“This is not the time for complacency,” Fauci said. “Our work is not done, we must step up, and we must remain vigilant about the uncertainty of the future.”
He Dayi, a Chinese-American medical expert and founder of the AIDS cocktail therapy, pointed out at the meeting that the new crown epidemic in the United States has not yet reached its peak.
"Each of us must do our part to slow the spread of this virus."
He called on the public to use their own practical actions to buy time for scientists to step up the development of new crown treatments and vaccines.
The International Leadership Foundation is a non-profit organization that promotes international exchange activities in the United States and the Asia-Pacific region. It is committed to promoting the status of Asian and Pacific Americans in the United States and cultivating young international leaders.
On the same day, US Secretary of Transportation Elaine Chao, US Congressman Meng Zhaowen and Dong Jiling, founding president of the International Leadership Foundation, spoke at the meeting.
They paid special tribute to the Asian Pacific American medical workers and volunteers fighting the epidemic on the front line, and called on the American public to continue to adhere to epidemic prevention guidelines such as "social distancing" to curb the spread of the epidemic.
Dalian: No new local confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia, 24 new asymptomatic infections jqknews
Xinhua News Agency, Dalian, July 25 (Reporters Cai Yongjun and Cui Shihao) Dalian City announced on the 25th that from 15:00 on July 24 to 14:00 on July 25, Dalian had no new local confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia, 24 new asymptomatic infections, and no new suspected cases.
From 14:00 on July 22 to 25, a total of 12 local confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia were reported in the city, all of which were centrally isolated and treated at the Sixth People's Hospital of Dalian.
Zhao Lian, deputy director of the Dalian Municipal Health and Health Commission, said that according to the epidemic situation, Dalian organized medical staff from the city's tertiary hospitals to station in the streets and communities, and opened more than 600 sampling points in Dalian Bay, workers' villages, along the light rail line and some key areas of the Jinpu New Area, and made every effort to promote personnel nucleic acid screening.
As of 14:00 on July 25, the city has sampled more than 210,000 people.
Of the 12 confirmed cases in Dalian, 10 are employees of Dalian Kaiyang World Seafood Co., Ltd.; 46 of the 54 asymptomatic infections are employees of the company and their relatives and family members;
After research and judgment, Dalian City decided to strengthen strict control of close contacts of all employees of Dalian Kaiyang World Seafood Co., Ltd. and close contacts of close contacts, and implement centralized isolation medical observation on the 14th and at least two nucleic acid tests.
At the same time, Dalian decided to further expand the scope of centralized isolation medical observation personnel, and implement 14-day centralized isolation medical observation and at least 2 nucleic acid tests for close contacts of people with positive nucleic acid tests (including cases and asymptomatic infections) and close contacts of close contacts.
Dalian Airport and Dalian Railway Station issued notices on the 25th. In principle, the city's personnel will implement non-essential non-leaving. If it is necessary to leave the company, they must hold a negative nucleic acid test certificate within 7 days; Dalian Bus Terminal will suspend ticket sales on all lines in the city from 12:00 on the 25th, and the specific recovery time will be notified separately.
Brazilian study shows hydroxychloroquine is ineffective in treating mild to moderate new coronary pneumonia - Xinhua English.news.cn
Recently, a Brazilian study showed that hydroxychloroquine was ineffective in patients with mild to moderate new coronary pneumonia.
The study was published in the New England Journal of Medicine.
The Pakistani researchers divided 667 patients from 55 hospitals across the country into three groups and conducted a clinical trial; mainly comparing the treatment effect of hydroxychloroquine alone or in combination with other antibiotics azithromycin to analyze whether it helps to improve the condition of mild and moderate patients with new coronary pneumonia.
The results showed that hydroxychloroquine not only has no therapeutic effect, but may have damaging side effects on organs.
The study was carried out by leading Brazilian hospitals such as the Hospital Israelita Albert Einstein, the Heart Hospital (HCor), the Hospital Sírio-Libanês in Syria, and the Brazilian Clinical Research Institute (BCRI) and the Brazilian Intensive Care Research Network (BRICNet).
On the 25th local time, Brazilian President Jair Bolsonaro announced on the social platform that the fourth nucleic acid test result was negative.
During the infection, Bolsonaro has been taking hydroxychloroquine and actively promoting it many times.
Headquarters reporter Zhao Yijun
Four departments launch a new round of app governance to protect personal information security - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 25 (Reporters Yu Junjie and Chen Aiping) The reporter learned from the National Cyberspace Administration of China on the 25th that the governance of the illegal collection and use of personal information by apps in 2020 was officially launched recently, focusing on cracking down on the private uploading of personal information in the background of apps and other issues that the masses have strongly reflected.
It is reported that this round of app governance work was jointly carried out by the National Cyberspace Administration of China, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Ministry of Public Security, and the State Administration for Market Regulation.
According to reports, the special governance working group composed of four departments accepted more than 12,000 effective reports from netizens last year, carried out verification of more than 2,300 apps, and adopted public exposure, interviews, and removal of 260 apps with large user scale and prominent problems.
According to the relevant person in charge of the State Cyberspace Administration of China, the current number of apps has exceeded 5 million, and the problem of illegal collection and use of personal information has not been fundamentally solved.
In 2020, the governance work will be further strengthened, and on the basis of App verification, the scope of governance will be further expanded to SDK (Software Development Kit) and Mini Programs.
It is reported that the working group will conduct special research and in-depth detection on issues such as the irregular collection and use of personal biometric information and the abuse of sensitive permissions by App, focusing on the abuse of background permissions such as recording and taking photos.
According to the circumstances of the problem and the severity of the consequences, the working group will be punished according to law and regulations, such as interviews, warnings, removals, fines, etc., to form an effective deterrent to violations of laws and regulations.
It is understood that the working group plans to formulate and issue App Store Audit Management Guidelines for App Collection and Use of Personal Information to guide and urge App Stores to effectively conduct pre-launch audits of Apps and strictly control the entrance.
In addition, the working group will release free technical tools to guide small and medium-sized enterprises to conduct self-assessment and improve the legal compliance of personal information collection and use activities of small and medium-sized enterprises.
Johns Hopkins University: More than 16 million cases of new crown diagnosed worldwide - Xinhua English.news.cn
NEW YORK, July 26 (Xinhua) -- As of 2:40 a.m. ET on the 26th, the cumulative number of confirmed cases of the new crown in the world reached 1,604,8100, and a total of 644,537 deaths, according to the new crown epidemic statistics released by Johns Hopkins University on the 26th.
The United States is the worst-hit country in the world, with 4,178,027 confirmed cases and 1,46,460 deaths.
Brazil has a total of 2,394,513 confirmed cases and 86,449 deaths, both of which are second only to the United States.
In addition, the countries with more than 300,000 confirmed cases are India, Russia, South Africa, Mexico, Peru, Chile and the United Kingdom.
On the 25th, the 2020 Hunan Red Tourism Culture Festival and the first Xiangtan Red Cultural Industry Expo kicked off in Shaoshan.
In recent years, the demand for red tourism has gradually increased.
However, the development of the red tourism industry also faces the dilemma of a small number of young groups, homogenization of tourism projects, and single commercialization channels.
Especially this year's epidemic, the national cultural tourism industry has been severely frustrated, and red tourist attractions are also facing severe challenges.
For example, the use of drone shooting, VR immersive experience and other scientific and technological means can meet the tourist demand of "people have not arrived, the scene has arrived"; the introduction of webcasting means to promote the famous specialties of red scenic spots can directly improve the economic benefits of red tourism; the introduction of "cloud" technology to create a boutique display with prominent themes, clear guidance and rich connotation, fully display and enhance the publicity function of red scenic spots;
This cultural festival uses the popular "county and city (district) chief   professional anchor special promotion" method to promote red cultural tourism specialties, and uses 5G technology to provide real-time viewing and smart city demonstration services to promote red cultural tourism attractions.
U.S.-China trade negotiators to meet in August
The South China Morning Post quoted an unnamed person familiar with the matter as saying that Chinese Vice Premier Liu He and U.S. trade representative Lai Haizhe are expected to hold formal talks in August to assess the two sides’ implementation of the phase one trade deal.
Although China has significantly increased its purchases of U.S. agricultural products in the past few months, it is still some distance away from the amount promised in the trade deal due to factors such as the new crown virus epidemic.
Analysts say the recent closure of each other’s consulates between the United States and China, along with other disputes, could undermine any progress on trade.
The phase one trade deal, which took effect a month after the signing of the U.S.-China trade deal on January 15, stipulates that a high-level trade framework group from both sides should meet every six months.
The meeting will be “an important turning point” for both sides to assess the progress of the agreement, the people said.
But the person also said that if tensions between the U.S. and China lead to less willingness to talk at this time, the two sides may agree that Lai Haizhe and Liu He’s May 8 conference call have met the terms of the trade deal for semi-annual talks.
Relations between China and the United States have deteriorated sharply this year, with disputes over the origins of the coronavirus, trade, Hong Kong, Xinjiang, the South China Sea and ideology.
U.S. President Donald Trump boasted about his achievements in the phase one deal at the beginning of the year, but his attitude has changed recently.
He told a White House press briefing on the 23rd that although China has recently purchased a record amount of U.S. corn and a lot of soybeans in a single day, “this trade deal means less to me now than when it was reached.”
An anonymous Beijing government adviser also believes that a new round of trade talks is unlikely due to poor US-China relations and that "trade issues have lost weight in Sino-US relations."
But he revealed that China's economic and trade authorities still met on the 23rd to discuss a series of issues, including how to increase imports from the United States. "We have tried our best to buy, so any additional purchases will be difficult."
Kening Peng, vice president of the U.S.-China Business Council, said it was “more important than ever” to maintain momentum in the phase one deal, noting that China has made progress this year in further opening its financial markets to U.S. companies.
“It’s better to talk than not to talk, although it may be treated as a routine,” said analysts at independent research firm Plenum.
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Wei Yukun) The reporter learned from the Ministry of Emergency Management on the 26th that the National Defense Office and the Ministry of Emergency Management jointly with the State Grain and Material Reserve Bureau once again urgently transported 1.35 million woven bags, 1.2 million square meters of woven fabrics, and 130,000 square meters of geotextiles to Anhui.
According to the relevant person in charge of the Ministry of Emergency Management, at present, the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River and the Huaihe River Basin maintain high water level fluctuations.
The meteorological department expects heavy rainfall in Chongqing, Guizhou and the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River in the next three days, and the flood control situation is still grim and complicated.
According to reports, since the flood, the Ministry of Emergency Management has deployed the national comprehensive fire rescue team to pre-set professional rescue forces in key flood control areas, participated in 10,364 flood rescue rescues, dispatched more than 130,000 commanders, 17,778 fire engines and 11,887 boats, rescued 37,777 people in distress, and evacuated more than 107,000 people trapped.
Hao Yusheng, Chief Representative of Nasdaq China: Now is the best time for Chinese companies to IPO in the United States
Economic Observation Network reporter Zhang Bin Because of the Ruixing Coffee fraud incident, the US market has implemented stricter supervision on Chinese stocks. In addition, the valuation has been under long-term pressure, and the Chinese stocks listed in the United States are under pressure. NetEase, Jingdong and other Chinese stocks have recently started the journey to return to Hong Kong.
The recent shell, ideal car and other companies, the enthusiasm for listing in the United States.
Is now the best time for Chinese companies to list in the United States under the epidemic and the Chinese stock market crisis?
"In terms of recent IPO cases and the company's listing in the United States, the IPO in the United States has not been affected in essence. Instead, the market is very good now, and even now this time is the best time for Chinese companies to IPO in the past 10 years."
Hao Yusheng, Chief Representative of the Nasdaq Stock Exchange in China, said at the "China Stocks Branch of the 2020 Listed Company Leaders Summit" hosted by Snowball.
In April, the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the U.S. Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (PCAOB) issued a Statement on Audit Quality and the Important Role of Regulatory Access to Audit and Other International Information – A Discussion on Current Information Access Challenges for U.S. Public Companies with Substantial Operations in China.
The statement said that while international cooperation and coordination have increased significantly in recent years, problems with access to information by US regulators still exist, and the SEC and PCAOB still face legal and practical challenges.
In addition, in May, the U.S. Senate passed the Foreign Companies Accountability Act, which imposes additional disclosure requirements on foreign companies listing in the United States.
In Hao Yusheng's view, the Chinese concept stock crisis has not affected the appetite of investors.
“When the news first came out, everyone panicked. Everyone was asking if they could go to the United States in the future, but then we found that these questions were not a problem on the investor side. Investors may ask these questions during the recent IPO roadshow in the United States, and even become standardized questions, but this has not been taken as an important factor by investors to invest in a Chinese company.
We recommend that you take a calm view of the current situation.
Of course, this may seem like the worst in the past two years, but as far as investor appetite is concerned, nothing has been affected.
So from now until the end of this year or before the U.S. election, the boom in U.S. IPOs will continue.”
On May 9 this year, Kingsoft Cloud officially listed on the Nasdaq in the United States, becoming the first Chinese company to go IPO in the United States after the epidemic.
“The listing of Kingsoft Cloud gives Chinese companies that are preparing for IPOs a lot of confidence.”
Hao Yusheng said.
According to the data report released by Snowball in the first half of 2020, there were 20 Chinese IPOs in the first half of this year, an increase of 17.6% over the same period last year; from the total amount of initial fundraising, 20 companies raised a total of 2.725 billion yuan, an increase of more than 52.4% compared with the same period last year; In terms of industry distribution, the number of IPOs in the healthcare industry in the first half of this year was outstanding, an increase of 100% over the same period last year.
According to Hao Yusheng, in the first half of this year, Chinese companies IPO in the United States are of high quality, and high-quality companies with excellent fundamentals and growth will be more favored by investors.
In the short, medium and long term, Hao Yusheng continues to be optimistic about the IPO of Chinese companies in the United States.
“In the short term, the boom of IPOs in the United States continues; in the medium term, Chinese companies have more choices, A-shares, Hong Kong stocks, and US stocks. Everyone will consider the US election and China-US relations as market choices and time choices. In the long run, everything will return to normal. Market fluctuations are cycles, both political and economic cycles. Eventually, they will return to the normal stage. The stock market has always fluctuated.”
Hao Yusheng also said, “There are many uncertainties this year, but for high-quality companies, no matter whether the market is good or bad, as long as they are solid and have growth that investors can see, other factors are relatively minor. Investors need to invest in excellent Chinese companies.”
China News Service, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Gao Kai) On the evening of July 25, the "Dance of Life" of the "Sound Like Summer Flowers" series of NCPA concerts was performed online and offline as scheduled. Conductor Yang Yang, pianist Zhang Haochen and the NCPA Orchestra collaborated on the same stage to play Rachmaninoff's Piano Concerto No. 2 and Symphony.
At the same time, the Taihu Theater of the National Centre for the Performing Arts, located in the sub-center of Beijing, also ushered in the first offline performance since the fight against the epidemic.
After the Beijing epidemic response level was downgraded, in accordance with the city's epidemic prevention and control requirements and the spirit of the city's relevant department documents, the NCPA, in accordance with the principle of "prudent opening up and gradual liberalization", will perform a concert on July 25 and sell tickets to the public for the first time.
Jin Hui, director of the marketing department of the NCPA, said: "This is the first performance project that the NCPA has sold tickets to the audience since the epidemic.
According to the relevant requirements of epidemic prevention and control, the real-name sales and admission of "one person, one ticket, one card and one code" will be implemented, and the number of sales will not exceed 30% of the entire seat.
Later, performances and artistic activities such as the drama "Looking West to Chang'an", the August 1st Army Founding Festival special concert, opera and film will also be sold to the public in limited quantities.
The concert on July 25 also continued to be broadcast live on the classical music channel of the NCPA and multiple online platforms. As of 12 pm on the 25th, the online broadcast of the concert exceeded 30 million.
The concert opened with the much-anticipated piano bells played at the beginning of “La Er”. This was the first time that the NCPA “Sounds like Summer Flowers” series of concerts presented the piano concerto to the audience.
With his deep and concise understanding, Zhang Haochen played the first theme of the work full of melancholy and entanglement. Under the conductor of Yang Yang, the orchestra and the piano created a continuous listening enjoyment in the ups and downs of competition and compromise.
After experiencing the "quiet water" in the second movement and the "grand carnival" in the third movement, more than 100 audiences broke out in warm applause when they returned to the scene.
Later, Zhang Haochen gave back to the audience with a return to Chopin's posthumous work "Nocturne in C sharp minor".
After a brief stage adjustment, Yang Yang conducted the NCPA Orchestra to play Symphonic Dances, Rachmaninoff’s last major orchestral work, in which the composer presented a more introspective emotion, incorporating his new inspirations and memories of his past creations and his homeland.
In Yang Yang's calm and calm treatment, the melancholy temperament and grand atmosphere of this work are fully revealed, and the orchestra also performs Rachmaninoff's "last spark" in a gorgeous and dazzling way.
The pre-show of the concert was a surprise to the audience.
Gangqiang, an anchor of CCTV News Network, came to the dressing room of the National Centre for the Performing Arts to reveal the “stronghold” of the music masters such as Gergiev and Lang Lang before the stage. Then he came to the public space on the first floor of the National Centre for the Performing Arts. In front of the three nine-foot pianos with stories, he had a dialogue with Yang Yang, Zhang Haochen and the NCPA pianist Yu Kuai.
In the evening, at the Taihu Amphitheatre of the National Center for the Performing Arts, the military song is loud and the military chorus song concert kicked off in the melodious "Don't Forget the Original Heart".
This is the first performance of the National Center for the Performing Arts "Taihu Week Concert" since the fight against the epidemic.
It is reported that on August 1st, conductor Zheng Jian will continue to bring "Warriors and Motherland" with the NCPA Chorus - NCPA to celebrate the August 1st Army Day choral concert, as a series of online performances of "Sounds like Summer Flowers", live broadcast through the Internet, and pay tribute to the soldiers defending the motherland in classic songs.
Heilongjiang investigated and punished 22,000 drunk driving in half a year - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Harbin, July 26 (Reporter Liang Shubin) The reporter learned from the traffic police corps of the Heilongjiang Provincial Public Security Department that in the first half of this year, the public security traffic control departments in Heilongjiang Province investigated and dealt with 22,000 drunk driving cases.
Recently, when the traffic police in Hegang City were on duty at the service station, a driver saw a traffic police on duty and left the car and ran.
Police on duty quickly chased the suspect Wang Mou arrested in the warehouse of a villager's home.
The on-site test result of the breath alcohol tester was 28.4mg/100ml, and Wang was driving a motor vehicle after drinking.
The police made a fine of 2,000 yuan, the suspension of motor vehicle driving license for six months and a driving license full of 12 points of administrative penalties.
Since the beginning of this year, the Heilongjiang Public Security Traffic Management Department has continued to rectify the illegal and criminal acts of drunk driving and drunk driving.
But there are still drivers lucky, wanton drunk driving drunk driving, the first half of this year around the public security traffic control departments investigated and dealt with 22,000 drunk driving drunk driving, of which 3744 drunk driving.
Chongqing's Wulong landslide formed a dammed lake, and more than 500 people were urgently transferred - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporters Zhou Wenchong and Ke Gaoyang) Reporters learned from the Wulong District Government of Chongqing on the 26th that heavy rains caused landslides and the formation of dammed lakes in the local area, and more than 500 people were urgently transferred.
Affected by continuous rainfall, since July 22, the soil mass of the Zhongbao landslide in the Zhongtai Formation of Liujing Village, Liujing Village, Wulong District, has a large area of slip deformation, and the landslide body falls into the Canghe River along the Wujiang River.
On the 25th, there was a heavy rainfall weather process in the local area, and the landslide further expanded, causing the village road to be interrupted and completely blocked along the Cang River, forming a dammed lake with a water level of 13 meters in front of the dam and a storage capacity of about 420,000 cubic meters.
According to on-site survey and monitoring, the landslide volume is about 1.3 million cubic meters, and it is still in an unstable state.
After the accident, the local government organized the evacuation of residents along the river overnight and urgently moved the people to safety.
At present, 162 households and 520 people in the dangerous area have been evacuated, and the disposal of the barrier lake is still in progress.
Reuters: Alibaba founder Jack Ma summoned by Indian court
An Indian employee who worked for Alibaba’s UC Browser sued, alleging that he was fired for objecting to censorship and fake content on the company’s app.
The former employee also produced screenshots as evidence showing Alibaba-owned UC News app publishing fake news about India, especially in the headlines.
He also said an app called UC Web censors content containing keywords such as the Sino-Indian border and the Sino-Indian war.
Court documents show that civil judges at a district court in New Delhi’s satellite city of Gurugram have issued subpoenas to Alibaba, Jack Ma and more than a dozen individuals or companies to appear in court on July 29 or through lawyers.
Earlier on June 29, India’s Ministry of Electronics and Information Technology announced a ban on 59 Chinese apps including UC News, UC Browser, TikTok, WeChat and Weibo, citing security concerns.
People's Daily commentator: Concentrate on running your own affairs and create new advantages for future development - On studying and implementing General Secretary Xi Jinping's important speech at the Entrepreneurs Symposium - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 25, People's Daily commentator article on July 26: Concentrate on running your own affairs and create new advantages for future development
At present, the global epidemic situation and the world economic situation are still grim and complex, and China's development is facing unprecedented challenges.
It is the key for us to deal with various risks and challenges by maintaining strategic determination, enhancing confidence in winning, and concentrating on running our own affairs well.
In the current external environment of rising protectionism, a sluggish world economy and a shrinking global market, we must concentrate on our own affairs, give full play to the advantages of the domestic super-large market, and gradually form a new development pattern with the domestic large cycle as the main body and the domestic and international double cycles.
The wise, the wise, the victor.
In the external environment of the deepening development of economic globalization, market and resources have played an important role in China's rapid development.
At present, the world under the impact of the epidemic is undergoing profound changes, facing more unstable and uncertain factors, and economic globalization is facing headwinds and turning back.
One of the most important aspects of China's economy is to take expanding and meeting domestic demand as the strategic basis for development, give full play to its own advantages, and add impetus to China's economic development and drive the recovery of the world economy by prospering the domestic economy and smoothing the domestic cycle.
We must deeply understand that building a complete domestic demand system is related to China's long-term development and long-term stability.
The CPC Central Committee has reviewed the situation and clearly put forward the resolute implementation of the strategy of expanding domestic demand. This is the need to cope with the impact of the epidemic, the need to maintain the long-term sustainable and healthy development of China's economy, and the need to meet the people's growing better life.
The advantage of large economies is that they are internally recyclable.
China has the world's most complete and largest industrial system, strong production capacity, and perfect supporting capabilities. It has more than 100 million market participants and more than 170 million talents with higher education or various professional skills. There is also a super-large domestic demand market formed by 1.4 billion people, including more than 400 million middle-income groups. China is in the stage of rapid development of new industrialization, informatization, urbanization and agricultural modernization.
The socialist basic economic system such as the socialist market economy system can stimulate the vitality of various market players, liberate and develop the social productive forces, promote the organic unity of efficiency and fairness, and continuously achieve common prosperity.
We must firmly grasp the strategic basis of expanding domestic demand, make production, distribution and circulation more relying on the domestic market to achieve a virtuous circle, clarify the strategic direction of supply-side structural reform, and promote the dynamic balance between aggregate supply and aggregate demand at a higher level.
It is necessary to accelerate the construction of a complete domestic demand system, vigorously promote scientific and technological innovation and other aspects of innovation, accelerate the promotion of strategic emerging industries such as digital economy, intelligent manufacturing, life and health, new materials, etc.
Openness leads to progress, and closure leads to backwardness.
General Secretary Xi Jinping has repeatedly stressed that China's door of opening up will not be closed, but will only open wider and wider.
With the domestic big cycle as the main body, it is by no means a closed door to operate, but by giving full play to the potential of domestic demand, the domestic market and the international market will be better connected, and the two markets and resources will be better utilized to achieve stronger and more sustainable development.
At the same time, expanding domestic demand and opening up are not contradictory. The smoother the domestic circulation, the more conducive to building a new pattern of opening up, and the more conducive to forming new advantages in international cooperation and competition.
Although the trend of protectionism is on the rise in the world, we must stand on the right side of history, persist in deepening reform, expand opening up, strengthen opening up and cooperation in science and technology, promote the construction of an open world economy, and promote the building of a community with a shared future for mankind.
The Chinese nation has experienced many hardships in its history, but it has never been overwhelmed.
On the road ahead, with the strong leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping at the core, the obvious advantages of the socialist system with Chinese characteristics, the strong mobilization ability and solid comprehensive strength, and the united struggle of the whole Party, the army and the people of all ethnic groups, we will be able to overcome all difficulties and obstacles, maintain the sound momentum of China's economic and social development, build a moderately prosperous society in all respects, and smoothly embark on a new journey of building a modern socialist country.
Yu'e Bao income declines "post-90s" but "retaliatory" saving?
With the decline of Yu’ebao income, the “post-90s” not only did not flee Yu’ebao, but began to “retaliatory” save money?
According to the “Yuebao Post-90s Savings Report” (2020 version) jointly released by the China New Economic Research Institute and Alipay, in the first half of the year, the “post-90s” are more fond of saving money: the per capita amount of money saved has increased by nearly 40% compared with 2019.
Interestingly, the "post-90s" are more inclined to start saving from a small amount of money, and 60% of the average amount of money saved per transaction is less than 20 yuan...
Saving money with Yu’ebao has also become a saving habit of the “post-90s”.
Data show that of the 700 million Yu’ebao users, 134 million are “post-90s”.
There are 174 million "post-90s" in China, that is to say, about three out of every four "post-90s" in China are using Yu'ebao to save money.
At present, the 7-day annualized yield of money funds such as Yu’ebao has fallen to about 1.5% from the level of more than 2% at the beginning of the year.
Even so, it did not affect the pace of “post-90s” saving money.
In the context of the promotion of Yu’ebao’s “saving money effect”, many young people who are accustomed to using Yu’ebao have also been directly converted into “base citizens”.
According to Alipay data, as of July 13, the number of new "base people" on Alipay has more than doubled year-on-year in the past month, and more and more young people have achieved "advanced" financial management on Alipay.
Some analysts believe that the inflow of funds from Yu’ebao into the stock market is also an important reason for the clear decline in the share of money funds in June.
The report also shows that “post-90s” girls are more inclined to save more money, on average 20% higher than boys; 60% of users who hold funds on the Alipay platform are men, and women tend to choose more stable financial management methods than men.
What are your plans for the post-90s generation?
Alipay data shows that the “post-90s” have the habit of saving money for the goal, and the users who use travel as the goal of saving money are the most.
Affected by the epidemic, many “post-90s” saved money to prepare for post-epidemic travel; the reopening of movie theaters also provided a new way to shift from saving money to consumption.
Let the colorful party flag fly high on the flood levee
Recently, the south of China has been affected by continuous rainfall, and the situation of flood control and flood control is very grim, causing 26 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities) such as Guizhou, Sichuan, Hunan, Guangxi, Guangdong and Hubei to be affected.
The disaster situation is the order, the disaster area is the battlefield, and the party flag is the battle flag in front of the disaster. Party organizations at all levels, party members and cadres, and people's children and soldiers resolutely implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important instructions on flood control and disaster relief work.
The brightly colored party flag fluttering high on the flood levee is a manifestation of loyalty and a call to duty.
In the face of disaster, a party organization is a battle fortress, and a party member and cadre is a banner.
On the front line of flood fighting in various places, party organizations at all levels and the majority of party members and cadres have demonstrated a high degree of loyalty to the party, obeyed the call of the party central committee, and built an unbreakable steel fortress with the action of "watch me", the pace of "follow me" and the courage of "I will go first".
The bright party flag fluttering high on the flood embankment is the position of adherence and the horn of the charge.
In the face of floods, party organizations at all levels acted quickly, sounded the "charge" to fight the flood, and planted the bright party flag on the flood levee.
The brightly colored party flag flutters high on the flood levee, which is selfless dedication and responsibility.
When the people's lives and property are seriously threatened, the party members and cadres, the people's children and their families, care for everyone, selflessly contribute, dare to take responsibility, and win the hard battle of flood control and flood rescue and disaster relief as the main battlefield and parade ground to comprehensively test their ability, style and literacy.
"People first, life first" is not only tested in peacetime, but also tested at critical moments.
On the flood levee, the majority of party members, cadres and people's children and soldiers should let the people see the bright red party flag, the figure of struggle and the voice of encouragement at any time and everywhere.
APEC trade ministers meet to accelerate regional economic recovery - Xinhua English.news.cn
KUALA LUMPUR, July 25 (Xinhua) -- The Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) trade ministers held a video conference on July 25, promising to reduce the impact of the new crown epidemic on the regional economy and accelerate the realization of a resilient, sustainable and inclusive regional economic recovery.
The meeting was hosted by Malaysia, the host of this year's APEC informal leaders' meeting.
A joint statement issued after the meeting said APEC trade ministers recognized the importance of a free, open, fair, non-discriminatory, transparent and predictable trade and investment environment to drive economic recovery at this challenging time.
All parties commit to ensure that emergency measures taken to respond to the outbreak are targeted, appropriate, transparent and temporary, do not create unnecessary trade barriers and disrupt global supply chains, and comply with World Trade Organization rules.
In the statement, APEC trade ministers pledged to strengthen cooperation to facilitate the flow of essential goods and services, promote connectivity by strengthening supply chain resilience, and minimize disruption to the flow of medical supplies, food and agricultural products in response to the epidemic.
APEC trade ministers agreed on the need to discuss ways to reduce non-tariff barriers that restrict trade in essential goods, reiterating their commitment to facilitating essential cross-border movement of people without compromising measures taken to stem the spread of the virus.
The conference also issued a declaration on promoting the circulation of essential commodities.
The declaration said that economies will ensure that the trade measures they take in response to the epidemic are in line with WTO rules, and pledge to take action in reducing non-tariff trade barriers, trade promotion and other aspects to facilitate the flow of essential goods under the epidemic.
Minister of International Trade and Industry Azmin Ali, who chaired the meeting, said that despite the impact of the epidemic, Malaysia is still committed to promoting the success of this year’s APEC meeting, and the work of formulating a vision for post-APEC cooperation in 2020 is progressing in an orderly manner.
Malaysia agreed to hold APEC-related meetings by video, but did not rule out the possibility of arranging physical meetings at the end of the year when APEC leaders meet informally.
Philippine Presidential Information Department: 13 people test positive - Xinhua English.news.cn
(Fighting New Coronary Pneumonia) A total of 13 people in the Philippine Presidential Information Department have tested positive
MANILA, July 26 (Xinhua) -- The Philippine Presidential Information Department (PCOO) announced on the 25th that the secretary of the Philippine Department of Information, Martin Andanar, tested negative for the new crown pneumonia on the 24th.
As of Tuesday afternoon, 13 PCOO staff members have tested positive for the virus.
On the 24th, Andanar and 49 PCOO staff were tested for COVID-19 due to contact with an infected PCOO employee.
The report released on the 25th showed that 10 of the staff members tested positive.
PCOO Undersecretary for Administrative and Legal Affairs Marvin Gatpayat said the ministry’s new administrative office building in the presidential palace was originally scheduled to resume on the same day as President Rodrigo Duterte’s fifth State of the Union address.
On the same day, Martin Andanar assured the public that the PCOO continues to fulfill its duty to the Filipino people by ensuring that vital information is provided to the public in a timely manner, while strengthening contact tracing and testing to avoid further spread of the Covid-19 virus among PCOO staff. He prayed for the speedy recovery of staff who tested positive.
The Department of Health (DOH) announced that 2019 new cases were confirmed in the country on the same day, with a total of 78,412 cases, of which 50,763 are still sick, nearly 90% are mild, 9% are asymptomatic, and less than 1% are severe and critical cases.
France boosts military spending in space - Xinhua English.news.cn
French Defense Minister Florence Parly said on the 24th that France will add hundreds of millions of euros to the space defense budget to develop a space military force to guard against possible "unfriendly actions" by other countries in outer space.
Parly told Le Provence newspaper on the same day that the budget for French space military programs between 2019 and 2025 will increase from 3.6 billion euros (about 4.2 billion U.S. dollars) to 4.3 billion euros (5 billion U.S. dollars).
According to the French Military Planning Act 2019-2025, approved by the French Parliament in 2018, France is expected to update existing observation and communication satellites, launch three electromagnetic listening satellites, and improve the modernization of space surveillance radars.
French President Emmanuel Macron announced in July last year that a military command for space and an “air and space force” would be created within the French air force.
Parly said she will formally announce the formation of the space force when she visits a military academy in Salon, in the Provence region.
Parley said the Space Force is part of the Air Force and will have 500 personnel by 2025.
“It used to be that people thought that space served the common good of science,” she said. “It’s gone forever. Today, space is where nations compete for global hegemony.”
Parly reiterated Macron’s previous statement that France has no intention of provoking an arms race.
"We are by no means engaged in an arms race. But it is my duty to thoroughly recognize the threats we may face."
Parly recalled the 2017 surveillance of a military satellite shared by France and Italy.
She said the "peeping" is a Russian satellite.
Russia denies this claim.
Parly said France "soon" will have small patrol satellites that can detect and target "those who are behind unfriendly moves."
French media believe that the reason why France is seeking to create a space force is because US President Donald Trump asked the US Department of Defense in February last year to draft a bill to create a space force.
Trump signed the National Defense Authorization Act into law in December, creating the sixth branch of the U.S. military, the Space Force.
Some experts worry that these measures have accelerated the pace of US space militarization and may trigger a new round of space arms race.
Xinhua News Agency, Hohhot, July 26 (Reporter Jia Lijun) The reporter learned from the Yellow River Haibo Bay Water Conservancy Project Administration that in the past few days, the Haibo Bay Water Conservancy Project has actively resolved the No.
In order to cope with the flood process, the Yellow River Haibowan Water Control Project in Wuhai City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, began to gradually reduce the reservoir water level at 00:00 on July 23, and the discharge flow was controlled to not exceed 3,000 cubic meters per second, until the water level in front of the dam dropped to 1071 meters, freeing up flood control storage capacity.
At the same time, start the operation of sand discharge scheduling.
Over the past few days, the Yellow River Haibo Bay Water Conservancy Project Administration has paid close attention to the water situation and the development and change of the flood season 24 hours a day, strengthened the operation of the reservoir and the safety management of the dam, and strengthened the inspection and protection of the left and right banks of the reservoir and important parts, especially the dangerous sections.
As of 17:00 on July 26, Haibo Bay water conservancy project inflow of 2,760 cubic meters per second, outflow of 2,760 cubic meters per second, water level in front of the dam 1071.5 meters.
At present, the hydraulic structures such as the flood discharge sluice dam section, the earth-rock dam section and the tailwater slope are normal, and the monitoring data fluctuate within the normal range. The No. 2 flood of the Yellow River this year is smoothly passing through the Wuhai section of Inner Mongolia.
Jiangxi's finance emergency issued 280 million yuan to support post-disaster relief and reconstruction in various places jqknews
On July 24, officers and soldiers of a unit of the 71st Group Army of the Chinese People's Liberation Army (PLA) who rushed to the local flood-fighting county in Hukou County, Jiujiang City, Jiangxi Province, took advantage of the preparation gap to help a vegetable planting cooperative in Hukou County to grab peppers.
Affected by the previous heavy rainfall, hundreds of acres of red pepper planted by the cooperative were seriously affected.
Photo by China News Agency reporter Tomita
China News Service, Nanchang, July 26 (Yuan Rujing) Jiangxi Provincial Department of Finance announced on the 26th that according to the work deployment and requirements of the Jiangxi Provincial Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters, the province's finance emergency issued the central and provincial disaster relief funds of 280 million yuan to provide financial guarantee for flood control and rescue and relief work for the disaster-stricken people.
Since July, the flood season in Jiangxi has been escalating.
Flood disaster has led to the province's agricultural and rural direct economic losses of 10.07 billion yuan, the affected area of 13.169 million mu.
July 17 and July 22, Jiangxi provincial finance has issued the central disaster relief funds 60 million yuan and 200 million yuan.
At the same time, according to changes in the disaster situation, from the province's emergency management special funds issued in three batches of provincial disaster relief funds 20.3 million yuan to support post-disaster relief and reconstruction.
The relevant person in charge of the Jiangxi Provincial Department of Finance said on the 26th that before the arrival of the flood season, 173 million yuan of various disaster prevention and reduction funds had been issued to ensure early detection, early disposal and early resolution of risk prevention, and provide financial support for flood relief work.
At present, the water level of the Jiangxi section of the Yangtze River and Poyang Lake, the largest freshwater lake in China, is in a state of high and slow retreat.
Jiangxi Province will reduce the flood control emergency response to level II at 18:00 on the 24th; the provincial disaster relief emergency response level will be adjusted from level II to level III.
Disaster assessment and post-disaster recovery and reconstruction work will continue.
China News Service, Kunming, July 25 (Du Xiaoxiao) The reporter learned from the Yunnan Provincial Department of Finance on the 25th that recently, Yunnan Provincial Finance strengthened fundraising, first issued 20 "beautiful counties" named by the Yunnan Provincial People's Government, a total of 2 billion yuan (RMB, the same below).
On February 26, 2019, the People's Government of Yunnan Province issued the "Guiding Opinions on the Construction of "Beautiful County", which clarified that Yunnan will build a group of "beautiful counties" with distinctive features, perfect functions, beautiful ecology, and livability in the province through three years of efforts.
At present, Yunnan has announced 20 "beautiful counties" such as Tengchong City, Shangri-La City, Ruili City, Weishan Yi and Hui Autonomous County, Ximeng Wa Autonomous County and Pingbian Miao Autonomous County.
It is reported that this provincial award and subsidy fund focuses on the three goals of "beautiful county" construction of "clean, livable and characteristic", focusing on public and public welfare projects, supporting the acceleration of short-board weaknesses, high-standard and high-quality construction, and earnestly Taking "beautiful county" as a people's heart project and people's livelihood project.
The Yunnan Provincial Department of Finance will work with the Yunnan Provincial Development and Reform Commission to strengthen the supervision of provincial awards and subsidies, guide and urge all localities to take effective and effective measures, accelerate budget implementation, timely convert funds into "beautiful county" construction results, strengthen performance operation monitoring, and improve the efficiency and effectiveness of fund use.
On July 26, local time, Estonian state radio and television reported that a Mercedes-Benz with Estonian license plates drove off the driveway near Berlin Zoo in Germany early on the 26th, injuring seven people.
A rescue helicopter arrived for rescue.
The driver of the car who drove into the crowd was detained by police.
German authorities said an investigation had been launched and there was no indication that the incident was politically or religiously motivated.
Shortly thereafter, police reported that the 24-year-old driver lost control of the vehicle while making a left turn and was at risk of speeding.
The person has been arrested and criminal charges have been filed.
Alexander Linde, chief operating officer of the Estonian Police and Border Service, said that German police have been in contact with the Estonian Police and Border Service.
"I confirm what has been said in the news that there is no reason to suspect that the incident was terrorism, or that it was politically or religiously motivated," Lind said.
Shaanxi: Cracking the problem of assistance after relocation to avoid the masses "running at both ends" jqknews
Shaanxi: Cracking the problem of assistance after relocation to avoid the masses "running at both ends"
CCTV News: In response to the follow-up problems encountered by the relocated people in integrating into local life, Langao County, Ankang, Shaanxi Province, innovated to build a "good-neighborhood home" according to the local actual situation, and guided the relocated villagers to transform into citizens, so as to achieve stability, fast integration and prosperity.
Langao County is located in the Qinba Mountains, where nearly one-third of the local population has moved out of the mountains through immigration.
39-year-old Chai Changjiang moved from Zhongwu Village, Yanmen Town, Langao County to Mingzhu Community, Democracy Town.
He took the old-age insurance card to the “good-neighborhood home” where the community is located, and finished this year’s old-age insurance in less than two minutes.
At the beginning of this year, Langao County incorporated employment, civil affairs, medical insurance and other businesses into its management through the construction of a "good-neighborly home", so that the relocated people can handle business at their doorstep.
In the Pearl Community, 305 residents entered the local community factory through the “Good Neighborhood Home” recruitment information.
At present, 31 centralized resettlement sites with more than 100 households in Langao County have achieved full coverage of community factories, which can provide 2,598 jobs.
Shared accommodation market has picked up since March, report says - Xinhua English.news.cn
According to the "China Shared Accommodation Development Report 2020" (hereinafter referred to as the "Report") released by the Sharing Economy Research Center of the State Information Center recently, due to the impact of the epidemic, the transaction volume of China's shared accommodation market in the first five months of 2020 decreased by 72.1% year-on-year.
However, the shared accommodation market has been picking up since March, and the market transaction volume, order volume and reception number have gradually recovered.
The report shows that the transaction volume of the shared accommodation market has dropped sharply. On the one hand, due to the sharp decline in the demand for travel accommodation under the epidemic prevention and control, the number of orders has dropped sharply. The total number of orders in the first five months decreased by 65% year-on-year, and the number of receptions decreased by 63% year-on-year.
However, in March, April and May, the market transaction volume increased by 78%, 199% and 35% respectively; the number of orders increased by 141%, 152% and 50% respectively; the number of receptions increased by 81%, 112% and 28% respectively.
The report pointed out that the development of shared accommodation industry is optimistic for a long time, but there are still many uncertainties in the near future.
In this regard, Yu Fengxia, deputy director of the Sharing Economy Research Center of the State Information Center, told the reporter of the Workers' Daily that the development of shared accommodation needs more strong policy support.
According to Reuters, the world's largest steelmaker ArcelorMittal has a new crown epidemic at a plant in Lazaro Cardenas, Mexico, so far 21 people have died.
Solorio, secretary-general of the local branch of the Mexican Mining and Metallurgical Workers Union, said the dead included factory employees, contractors and suppliers.
Solorio said 21 people have died at the plant since April, nine of them union members.
It is possible that workers contracted the virus outside the factory due to strict hygiene measures in place at the factory.
The plant employs more than 7,000 people, according to the union.
As of July 25, Mexico has more than 385,000 confirmed cases and more than 40,000 deaths, making Mexico the fourth-highest country in the world.
China News Service, Xiamen, July 26 (Yang Fushan, Zhang Shushan, Xu Jingyi) The famous vascular surgery center in China, the Department of Vascular Surgery of Shanghai Changhai Hospital of Naval Military Medical University, signed a contract with the Department of Vascular Surgery of Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University on the 25th to jointly establish a collaboration center to promote the two sides.
Zhongshan Hospital affiliated to Xiamen University said that after the vascular surgery departments of the two hospitals formally form a cooperative unit, they will conduct remote consultations, formulate treatment plans with real-time online consultations with Changhai Hospital, select talents for further training, and jointly carry out surgical technology exchanges and teaching ward rounds every week.
The two hospitals will also work together to carry out innovative scientific research in surgery, popularization of aortic diseases and early screening.
The aortic symposium hosted by the Beijing Health Promotion Association and hosted by Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University was held in Xiamen on the same day.
The two well-known hospitals in Shanghai and Xiamen held a signing ceremony for the vascular surgery collaboration center at the same time, announcing the formation of a collaborative unit to jointly improve the treatment of vascular surgery-related diseases in southwest Fujian.
The Department of Vascular Surgery of Shanghai Changhai Hospital is the only vascular surgery institute in the whole army and the only clinical medical center for vascular diseases in Shanghai. It is also the first national key discipline of vascular surgery.
Professor Huang Xiaojin, director of the Department of Vascular Surgery of Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University, was interviewed by the media.
The Department of Vascular Surgery of Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University is the first vascular surgery department set up by independent disciplines in Fujian Province. It has long been committed to the diagnosis and treatment of aortic and peripheral vascular diseases. In 2018, it was approved to build a provincial key clinical specialty.
In the treatment of aortic diseases, in addition to the treatment of dissecting aneurysms and aortic aneurysms, he has extensive experience in emergency ruptured aortic aneurysms.
“The Vascular Surgery Department of Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University is outstanding in the region in terms of the history of development, the breadth, difficulty, and complexity of the operation. Therefore, we have established a collaboration center this time. In addition to the aorta, we can also carry out all-round in-depth cooperation in medicine, teaching and scientific research in the diagnosis and treatment of lower extremity arteries and carotid arteries.”
Feng Rui, deputy director of the Department of Vascular Surgery at Shanghai Changhai Hospital.
Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University and Shanghai Changhai Hospital signed a contract to establish the “Li Zhaoshen Famous Doctor Studio” of Gastroenterology in 2018.
Professor Huang Xiaojin, director of the vascular surgery department of the hospital, said in an interview with reporters from Chinanews.com that the vascular surgery department of the hospital also has a long history of exchanges with Changhai Hospital.
He said that the hospital will regularly invite Shanghai experts to Xiamen to carry out surgical technology exchanges, teaching ward rounds, and discussion of difficult cases. At the same time, it will further carry out remote consultation. At present, it plans to conduct remote consultation once a week.
The reporter learned at the meeting that vascular disease is the number one cause of death in China. The aorta, as the main artery of various organs of the human body, flows from the heart to the whole body and plays an important role.
The occurrence of aortic disease is often accompanied by high risk, high mortality and high difficulty in treatment. The thickest section of the aorta has a diameter of 4 cm. Once a hemangioma is formed, rupture, or dissection of the vascular intima, it will cause massive bleeding and is very dangerous.
In recent years, with the change of people's lifestyle and the acceleration of life rhythm, China has become the largest country in the world with hypertension, and aortic diseases have also increased. Nowadays, with the development of surgical techniques and industrial materials, the treatment of aortic diseases is moving towards minimally invasive, rapid and efficient. The direction continues to develop.
By inserting a stent in the aorta from the thigh, the doctor can properly "divert" the blood flow, thus avoiding the impact of the aneurysm or ruptured dissection, achieving good treatment results, and some procedures even require local anesthesia.
This academic symposium invited more than ten domestic experts to discuss the new progress in the treatment of aortic diseases, and carried out cutting-edge technical training and discussion of difficult cases in the form of a conference salon.
The reporter learned at the meeting that with the development of surgical technology and industrial materials, the treatment of aortic disease is currently developing in the direction of minimally invasive, rapid and efficient.
China's National Defense General maintains level II flood control response for Yangtze River and Huaihe River - Xinhua English.news.cn
Heavy rainfall from Sichuan Basin to middle and lower reaches of Yangtze River
The National Defense General maintains the flood control level II response of the Yangtze River and Huaihe River
The reporter learned from the Emergency Management Department on the 25th that it is expected that there will be heavy rainfall from the Sichuan Basin to the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River on the 27th, and it is necessary to continue to pay attention to the impact on the flood conditions of the Yangtze River and Huaihe River.
The National Defense General Economic Council discussed and judged, and decided to continue to maintain the flood control level II response of the Yangtze River and Huaihe River.
On the 25th, the Ministry of Water Resources stressed that the main stream of the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River maintains high water levels, the flood peak of the main stream of the Huaihe River passes through the Bengbu section of Anhui Province, and the water level of Taihu Lake has continued to exceed the alarm for 28 days and 9 days.
At the same time do a good job in the Southwest, North China, heavy rain prevention.
The Ministry of Water Resources maintains level II emergency response for flood and drought disaster prevention.
At the request of the Jiangxi Provincial Defense Office, the National Defense Office and the Ministry of Emergency Management urgently dispatched 20 sets of high-flow professional drainage vehicles from Shandong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang Fire Rescue Corps and Fujian Longyan Qiaolong Emergency Equipment Co., Ltd.
25, all equipment has arrived in Jiangxi flood rescue line.
According to the unified dispatch of the local government, the Jiangxi Flood Rescue Front Headquarters of the Fire Rescue Bureau of the Ministry of Emergency Management immediately arranged the Jiangxi Fire Rescue Corps and the reinforcements of surrounding provinces to set up 20 professional drainage teams to carry out drainage and rescue tasks in Nanchang, Jiujiang and Shangrao, Jiangxi.
At the same time, the National Defense Office and the Ministry of Emergency Management also urgently called 100 sets of trailer pumping stations for flood control materials from the central reserve to support flood control and drainage in Jiangxi Province.
The Anhui Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters announced that from 12:00 on July 25, the relevant areas of the Yangtze River, Huaihe River and Chaohu Lake in Anhui entered the emergency flood control period.
The Hefei Disaster Reduction Committee decided to upgrade the emergency response to disaster relief in Hefei to level II at 10:00 on July 25.
On July 25, the Sichuan Provincial Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters issued the first yellow warning of flash floods after the flood season.
The warning pointed out that from 20:00 on July 25 to 20:00 on July 26, Dazhu County, Dazhou City, Linshui County, Guang'an City, Meigu County, Leibo County, Mianning County, Yuexi County, Xide County, Zhaojue County and Jinyang County of Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture are more likely to occur.
Another Dazhou Kaijiang County, Dachuan District and other areas may occur flash floods.
At 15:30 on July 25, the Jiangsu Provincial Department of Water Resources changed and issued a flood warning for the Nanjing section of the Yangtze River, from a red warning to an orange warning; at 10:30, an orange warning for flooding in the Jiangsu section of the Huaihe River was upgraded.
At present, there are still 29 rivers (lakes) in Jiangsu, with a total of 44 water levels exceeding the police and the protection.
Recently, China's Yangtze River and Huaihe River Basin suffered floods, and some of the affected people moved to flood control resettlement sites for temporary residence.
The concentration of people in the resettlement site, the temporary use of fire and electricity increased, and the fire risk increased.
The Fire and Rescue Bureau of the Ministry of Emergency Management issued fire safety tips for flood control resettlement sites on July 25, calling on management units to implement the main responsibility of fire safety, and the masses to strengthen safety precautions and jointly create a good fire safety environment.
(Comprehensive reporters Ding Yiting, Wang Hao, Ni Yi, Yao Xueqing, You Yi, Wang Yongzhan, Zhao Beijia reported)
On July 24, iQiyi's "Journey" also embarked on the journey of online broadcasting jqknews
Directed by Chen Desen and produced by Zheng Baorui, the action-adventure movie "Journey" starring Liu Xianhua, He Rundong, Lin Chenhan, Jiang Luxia, etc., will be launched on July 24th iQiyi.
This is the second big-budget movie to be broadcast online, after the movie.
"Journey" is adapted from the online game of the same name. It tells the story of Dong Yilong, a young man in Qingyuan Village, and Chu soul, a warrior of the Chu family. They embarked on a journey to participate in the selection of Marshal Ma of the Southern Zhao Guobing.
This year is the 15th anniversary of the game "Journey" IP, and the launch of the movie of the same name is undoubtedly a tribute to the classic game.
At the same time as the announcement of the final file, the film "Journey" released the "National War" version of the final poster and the "Live" pilot trailer.
The excellent picture quality presents the grand national war picture of the journey world, depicting the deep brotherhood of the two protagonists Dong Yilong and Chu Hun.
"Journey" chooses the overhead era to build the story background.
In the fictional Central Plains mainland, among the ten countries, the Southern Zhao Kingdom and the Northern Yan Kingdom live next to each other.
In order to defend the increasingly powerful Northern Yan, the Southern Zhao held a contest to select generals.
The news reached the remote Qingyuan Village. Villager Dong Yilong wanted to become the clan’s flag-raiser and play on behalf of the Qingyuan Village family. The villagers questioned his qualifications. After some hard work, Yilong finally embarked on the journey with the warrior Chu Hun.
The total investment of the film is nearly 300 million yuan, and the special effects lens of the whole film accounts for as high as 80%.
As you can imagine, it's one of the biggest highlights of The Journey.
The post-production special effects team is also quite backing. MORE VFX, the special effects team that created the “Wandering Earth”, is responsible for restoring the “journey” world with imaginative visual art and top technology.
Some of the classic game scenes, Phoenix City, Qingyuan Village, and Beast King Valley will also appear in the movie, and gamers should set off a wave of nostalgia.
In addition to the special effects team, the behind-the-scenes production is also a group of accomplished figures in the industry.
Director Chen Desen has directed "October Siege" and "Purple Rain Storm". Producer Zheng Baorui has filmed "Kill the Wolf 2" and "Journey to the West: Sun Wukong's Three Beats of the Bone Spirit". The action scenes are by Dong Wei, the best action director of the Golden Horse Awards and the Golden Horse Awards, and the art director Mak Guoqiang is also the winner of the best finger of the two Academy Awards.
By Nie Qing
National Health Commission: 46 new confirmed cases on July 25, 22 in Xinjiang and 13 in Liaoning jqknews
According to the National Health Commission, from 0 to 24:00 on July 25, 31 provinces (autonomous regions and municipalities) and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps reported 46 new confirmed cases, including 11 imported cases (5 in Inner Mongolia, 3 in Guangdong, 1 in Tianjin, 1 in Fujian, and 1 in Shandong).
On the same day, 19 new cases were cured and discharged, and 673 close contacts were released from medical observation.
There are 82 confirmed cases imported from abroad (including 2 severe cases) and 3 suspected cases.
A total of 2,045 confirmed cases, 1,963 cured and discharged cases, and no deaths.
As of 24:00 on July 25, according to reports from 31 provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government) and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps, there were 288 confirmed cases (including 18 severe cases), a total of 78,908 cases were cured and discharged, and a total of 4,634 deaths.
A total of 779,000 close contacts have been traced, and 11,762 close contacts are still under medical observation.
31 provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government) and the Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps reported 68 new cases of asymptomatic infections (8 cases imported from abroad); 17 cases were converted to confirmed cases on the same day (no overseas imports); 10 cases were released from medical observation on the same day (7 cases were imported from abroad); 292 cases of asymptomatic infection are still under medical observation (91 cases imported from abroad).
A total of 3,009 confirmed cases have been reported from Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan.
Among them, 2,505 cases were in Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (1,455 discharged, 18 deaths), 46 in Macao Special Administrative Region (46 discharged), and 458 in Taiwan (440 discharged, 7 deaths).
The longest high-speed rail tunnel in the Three Gorges Reservoir
2020-07-26 17:34:48 Source: China News Network Author: Chen Haifeng Responsible Editor: Chen Haifeng
The construction site of the Three Gorges Tunnel.
China Railway Chengdu Bureau Group Co., Ltd.
China News Service, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporter Han Lu) The reporter learned from China Railway Chengdu Bureau Group Co., Ltd. on the 26th that the Zheng-Wanzhou High-speed Railway Small Three Gorges Tunnel with a total length of about 18.9 kilometers was opened on the same day.
It is understood that the Small Three Gorges Tunnel is not only the longest high-speed railway tunnel in the Three Gorges reservoir area, but also the longest single-hole double-track high-speed railway tunnel with a design speed of 350 km/h.
Zhengzhou-Wanzhou high-speed railway is located in Henan, Hubei and Chongqing. It connects Beijing-Guangzhou and Xu-Lan high-speed railways in the north of Zhengzhou, and reaches Chongqing in the south of Wanzhou. It is an important part of the Yangtze River Channel and Hunan Channel in China's "eight vertical and eight horizontal" high-speed railway network.
Zhengzhou-Wanzhou High-speed Railway Small Three Gorges Tunnel
Pictured is the scene.
The Zhengzhou-Wanzhou high-speed railway starts from Zhengzhou City, Henan Province, and runs southwest through Pingdingshan City, Nanyang City, and Xiangyang City, Hubei Province to Wanzhou District, Chongqing City.
Among them, the Zhengzhou to Xiangyang section has been opened for operation on December 1, 2019, and the Chongqing section is stepping up its construction.
The Small Three Gorges Tunnel, which runs through the entire line on the 26th, is the control project of the Zhengwan high-speed railway. The project is located at the junction of Fengjie County and Wushan County, Chongqing, with a total length of about 18.9 kilometers and a maximum depth of 890 meters.
Construction of the tunnel began in February 2017 and was completed on July 26, 2020.
According to Wang Guojun, head of the Zheng-Wan high-speed railway tunnel design of China Railway Eryuan Engineering Group Co., Ltd., the survey and designer, the terrain and geological conditions of the small Three Gorges tunnel are very complex, facing karst, mud inrush, large deformation of soft rock and other risks. It is a class I high-risk tunnel, and the design and construction of the tunnel are extremely difficult.
"In the process of project construction, we used geological survey method, geophysical method and advanced drilling method to advance geological prediction, and adopted special design schemes for more than 30 various types of karst caves. For example, a bridge with a length of 24 meters was designed and built, and a large karst cave with a longitudinal length of more than 10 meters and a depth of more than 55 meters in the tunnel was designed to avoid tunnel settlement." Wang Guojun said.
According to the construction party of China Railway Tunnel Bureau, during the construction of the tunnel, the combination of dredging and blocking was adopted, and the construction of the horizontal tunnel, the grouting and water blocking, the strengthening of the tunnel structure support and the construction of the sewage treatment station, not only ensured the orderly progress of the project, but also avoided the construction drainage. The damage to the water body of the Little Three Gorges Scenic Area was successfully overcome.
After the completion of the Zheng-Wan high-speed railway, it will become a new convenient and fast passenger transport channel from southwest China to the Central Plains, North China and Northeast China. It is of great significance to improve the capacity and quality of the northeast railway channel in southwest China, improve the regional road network layout, accelerate the development of tourism resources and urbanization along the line, promote coordinated regional development, and promote the implementation of the western development strategy.
Experts say gathering immigration data through the U.S. Census for House seat allocation is unconstitutional
Civil rights groups and several U.S. cities and counties have sued the U.S. federal government, saying the Trump administration’s attempts to exclude undocumented immigrants from the U.S. census are unworkable and unconstitutional.
The U.S. Census will determine the distribution of seats in the U.S. House of Representatives.
“It’s not going to work,” Sarah Brannon, executive attorney for the ACLU, told VOA.
She went on to say that Trump’s requirement to determine the citizenship status of those taking the census in the census is difficult to do and “not very reliable.”
Another civil liberties group, Common Cause, filed a lawsuit Thursday challenging Trump’s executive order.
Cities in New Jersey and Georgia joined the lawsuit.
Arlington County, Virginia, also joined the lawsuit Friday.
"The U.S. Constitution requires an accurate count of our population every 10 years," said Garvey, chairman of the board of management for Arlington County. "We must accurately count everyone who lives in Arlington County, and we must not let this illegal attempt to scare away and shrink our immigrant community succeed."
Other groups and individuals praised President Trump’s executive order.
Alabama Attorney General Marshall called the order a "victory" for the state.
"The allocation of House and Electoral College seats in each state must be based on the number of residents living in each state and the number of residents who are legally resident," he said.
The U.S. Supreme Court last year blocked the Trump administration from including a citizenship question on the 2020 census form.
President Donald Trump signed an executive order earlier this week directing Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross, who oversees the U.S. Census Bureau, to submit data on the undocumented population from the Census, so that the administration can exclude those undocumented people from state census numbers and determine whether each state gains or loses or retains House seats.
The United States reassigns House seats every 10 years based on demographic changes.
Heavy rain in 33 districts and counties of Chongqing local start flood control level IV emergency response jqknews
Xinhua News Agency, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporters Ke Gaoyang and Li Song) The reporter learned from the Chongqing Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters that Chongqing has ushered in a new round of heavy rainfall weather on July 25.
According to the monitoring of Chongqing Hydrological Monitoring Station, from 8:00 on the 25th to 8:00 on the 26th, most areas of Chongqing ushered in heavy rains, 33 districts and counties such as Jiangjin, Qijiang and Wulong, including 16 districts and counties such as Wanzhou, Yunyang and Nanchuan.
The maximum daily rainfall occurred in Longshan Village, Jinshan Town, Nanchuan, with 197.5 mm.
Affected by heavy rainfall, four small and medium-sized rivers, including Lvzixi in Jiangjin District, Youjiang River in Fuling District, Yingyang River in Kaizhou District, and Tuantan River in Yunyang County, have flooded above the warning level, and the water level is still rising.
The heavy rainfall also led to a landslide in Liujing Village, Titu Township, Wulong District, causing the interruption of village roads. The landslide slid into a tributary of the Wujiang River along the Canghe River, blocking the river to form a barrier lake. The local people have been urgently organized to transfer the downstream masses.
In response to the heavy rain, the Chongqing Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters issued a level III warning information for river floods at 13:00 on the 26th, and launched a flood control level IV emergency response, requiring relevant districts, counties and units to strengthen patrol duty, mobilize emergency rescue teams and materials in a timely manner, and evacuate people in threatened areas.
Move in response to the trend and promote the construction of industrial projects
Hunan in midsummer, the heat wave blowing.
The enthusiasm released by the on-site observation meeting for the promotion of industrial project construction in the province has overshadowed the hot summer of the dog days.
Hunan's development has always depended on building projects and training industries.
In the face of the extremely unusual first half of the year, under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, the province adheres to a game of chess, goes all out to fight the two tough battles of epidemic prevention and flood control, and regards industrial projects as the "six stability" and "six guarantees".
From a 1.9% year-on-year decline in GDP in the first quarter to a year-on-year increase of 1.3% in the first half of the year, the difficulties and efforts during the period are self-evident.
In this precious transcript, the construction of industrial projects is the key support for Hunan to accelerate economic recovery and develop stable and good.
Potential, irreversible.
The construction of industrial projects should be put into the overall situation, both good at accumulating potential, accumulating potential, seeking potential, and good at recognizing change, seeking change and adapting to change.
Under the current complex and severe background of the international situation, in addition to the untold hardships in attracting investment, it is necessary to calm down and study the new characteristics of the current new situation, better grasp the laws, be more scientific and accurate, and better integrate into the new development pattern with the domestic large cycle as the main body and the domestic and international double cycle mutual promotion.
Pay more attention to improving the industrial base capacity.
In the first half of the year, not only did a large number of heavyweight investment projects in emerging industries started and sowed hope, but also traditionally advantageous industrial enterprises accelerated their deployment in the digital, intelligent and green industrial transformation.
Yiyang Aoshikang Third Science Park project transformed the existing production line, and the high-end PCB intelligent production line seized the opportunity; the new factory area of Hunan China Tobacco Changde Cigarette Factory is committed to intelligent transformation and the process of building a modern factory, which is also a vivid portrayal of “old trees sprout”.
More emphasis will be placed on cultivating and developing new economic models and new business models.
The sudden new crown epidemic has brought the popularity of the "cloud economy", stimulated the potential of the digital economy, and provided new opportunities for industrial transformation: in the first half of the year, the computer and office equipment manufacturing industry, electronic and communication equipment manufacturing industry in our province increased by 12.6%, the online retail sales of wholesale and retail enterprises above designated size increased by 32.2% year-on-year, and the online meal revenue of catering enterprises increased by 35.6% year-on-year.
It is the general trend to cultivate new opportunities in the crisis, open up a new situation in the changing situation, actively promote digital industrialization and industrial digitization, and guide the integrated development of the digital economy and the real economy.
Pay more attention to optimizing and stabilizing the industrial chain supply chain.
Construction machinery is the main force of Hunan's industry, but two-thirds of the supporting enterprises are outside the province, and there is still space and potential in the supporting chain.
Strengthening industrial chain thinking and grasping projects requires not only the continuous accumulation of head enterprises and technological breakthroughs in key links of the industrial chain; it also needs to be cultivated in various places to stimulate the "chain" lock reaction with strong chain complementing and extending the chain, promote the coordinated layout of related supporting industries, and accelerate the construction of an independent, controllable, safe and reliable industrial chain supply chain.
Overcoming difficulties and supporting enterprises, Hunan is still a hot land and paradise with a good business environment and market opportunities.
In the process of recovering the losses caused by the epidemic, all kinds of "do everything possible", identify the shortcomings and pain points, and turn the crisis into opportunities.
Focusing on researching the industry, cultivating the industry, developing the industry, and solidly optimizing the business environment, we will surely win the favor of more investors.
The wind and waves ahead are still there, but the state of riding the wind and waves has become the norm for the province to grasp the construction of industrial projects and promote high-quality development.
At this critical period, we must learn and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's series of important instructions, effectively respond to external uncertainties with the certainty of our own work, persevere in the construction of industrial projects, and work together to ensure the successful conclusion of the 13th Five-Year Plan and the completion of a moderately prosperous society in all respects.
Moroccan navy intercepts shipment of cannabis products in Mediterranean
Rabat, July 26 (Xinhua) -- The coast guard of the Moroccan Navy intercepted a batch of marijuana products in the Mediterranean on the same day, with a total weight of more than 1 ton, according to Moroccan media reports.
Morocco’s official news agency quoted military sources as saying that the Moroccan coast guard intercepted a speedboat suspected of smuggling marijuana products while patrolling in the Mediterranean.
The Moroccan coast guard has handed over the suspect and the shipment of cannabis products to the relevant authorities, the report said.
The Moroccan judiciary is further investigating the case.
Cultivate new formats and open new space for employment
New employment methods continue to emerge, opening up new space for employment, and a number of innovative service policies have also been launched to help new employment forms thrive.
According to the latest data from the National Bureau of Statistics, the national urban unemployment rate in June was 5.7%, down 0.2 percentage points from May.
This is also the two consecutive declines in the national urban surveyed unemployment rate since April. Behind the monthly decline in the unemployment rate data is the continuous emergence of new employment opportunities in new formats.
Now more than 5,000 monthly wages, coupled with the freshness of embracing information technology, Guo Mei is more and more motivated.
In the innovation incubation base of Shanxi Transformation and Comprehensive Reform Demonstration Zone, there are more than 2,300 data annotation engineers.
Not only data labelers, but also 25 occupations such as nucleic acid testers and online learning service engineers have been defined as new occupations this year, and vocational skills standards have been developed and skills training programs have been launched to support the development of practitioners.
In response to new employment methods and new entrepreneurial paths, the state is also innovating employment services.
Recently, 13 departments including the National Development and Reform Commission jointly issued the Opinions on Supporting the Healthy Development of New Business Forms and New Models, Activating the Consumer Market to Drive the Expansion of Employment, and providing diversified employment opportunities for workers.
Multiple departments will jointly cultivate new individuals in the market to further reduce the cost of online entrepreneurship and employment for self-employed individuals; make new business types more secure, and policies such as rights and interests protection and social security for flexible employment will be introduced one after another.
Tunisian president nominates new prime minister - Xinhua English.news.cn
Tunisia, July 25 (Xinhua) -- Tunisian President Saeed has nominated Hisham Mehihi, the caretaker government's Interior Minister, as the new prime minister.
The announcement said that according to the constitution, Mai Xixi should complete the formation of the cabinet within a month and submit the list of the new government to the parliament for approval.
The formation of the new government must be approved by more than half of the 217 members of parliament.
Mehihi, who was born in 1974 and has a master’s degree in law and management, was appointed Home Minister in February this year.
On July 15, Tunisian Prime Minister Fakhfah resigned.
Earlier, the largest party in the Tunisian parliament, the Baath Movement, announced that it had withdrawn its support for Fakhfah's government, causing the government to lack sufficient support in the parliament.
The overall stability of employment and prices shows that the economy has a "temperature" jqknews
2020-07-26 07:01:37 Source: Economic Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Responsible Editor: Wang Sishuo
Employment and prices are generally stable, highlighting the "temperature" of the economy
Economic Daily China Economic Net reporter Lin Huocan
In the first half of this year, in the face of the impact of the new crown pneumonia epidemic, China has coordinated the work of epidemic prevention and control and economic and social development. The situation of epidemic prevention and control has continued to improve, the steady recovery of the economy has been obvious, and the employment and price performance, which are closely related to people's livelihood, have been generally stable. The Chinese economy has handed over a warm economic performance report card.
The surveyed unemployment rate rose in the first two months of the year.
Especially in February, the production and operation activities of many enterprises were basically suspended, the demand for employment of enterprises was reduced, the recruitment was delayed or cancelled, and the surveyed unemployment rate in urban areas increased.
With the gradual improvement of the epidemic prevention and control situation, the order of production and life in the whole society has been restored.
The CPC Central Committee adheres to the general tone of seeking progress while maintaining stability, further intensifies the hedging of macro policies, comprehensively strengthens the employment priority policy, and actively promotes the work of assisting enterprises to stabilize jobs and expand employment.
China has stepped up policy hedging to stabilize jobs, launched a combination of "reductions, exemptions and repayments" policy, phased reductions in the payment of three social insurance units, allowed deferral of social insurance premiums, expanded unemployment insurance for small and medium-sized enterprises, and benefited from the employment-based training policy.
With the implementation of various policies to stabilize employment, the employment demand of enterprises has steadily rebounded, the employment situation has gradually improved, and the surveyed urban unemployment rate has gradually declined. In June, the surveyed unemployment rate was 5.7%.
Zhang Yi, director of the Department of Population and Employment Statistics of the National Bureau of Statistics, said that in the second quarter, various employment policies continued to bear fruit.
According to the data, the total urban employment in June increased by more than 19% compared with February, and most industries reached pre-epidemic levels. The average weekly working hours of employees in enterprises reached 46.8 hours, an increase of 6.6 hours from February and a slight increase of 0.1 hours from January.
Prices are also relevant to households.
In January, the CPI rose 5.4% year-on-year, the highest in years.
In February, the year-on-year increase in CPI fell slightly, but it was still in the "5 range".
The year-on-year increase in CPI was at a high level, due to both the driving factors of consumer demand before the Spring Festival, the staggered month of the Spring Festival and the low year-on-year base.
However, the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on prices has been particularly pronounced.
Affected by the prevention and control of the epidemic, logistics delays, untimely supply of materials, and increased transportation costs have occurred across the country in January and February. In addition, some citizens hoarded and snapped up, and the prices of some necessities have risen significantly.
In response to the disruption caused by the epidemic prevention and control to the price situation, relevant departments have included important living materials into the scope of emergency transportation support to ensure the smooth transportation of materials.
Under the action of a series of policy measures, the supply of vegetables and fruits has been effectively guaranteed.
In response to the rapid rise in pork prices at the beginning of this year, after the central government introduced the policy of ensuring supply and stabilizing prices, all regions and departments quickly implemented them.
Since March, pork prices have continued to decline, and in May, the year-on-year increase in food prices dropped to 10.6%. In June, due to factors such as slowing pig slaughter, reduced import volume and rebound in group consumption demand, pork prices rose slightly.
The seasonal variation of fresh vegetable prices was obvious, with an average increase of 3.4% in the first half of the year.
Affected by the relatively high base in the same period last year, the price of fresh fruit continued to decline year-on-year, with an average decline of 13.3% in the first half of the year.
The people's basic livelihood has been effectively guaranteed, and the overall economic and social situation has remained stable and orderly.
With the gradual recovery of transportation and logistics, localities have increased their efforts to ensure supply, and the market supply and demand situation has improved.
Since March, the CPI has declined for four consecutive months, and the year-on-year increase has also dropped from 4.3% in March to 2.5% in June.
In the second half of the year, China's prices will continue to maintain a moderate level, and the overall inflationary pressure will be small, but it is still necessary to promote the restoration of production and living order under the premise of normalizing epidemic prevention and control.
Effectively respond to natural disasters such as floods and droughts in major agricultural production areas such as grain, fruits and vegetables, strengthen market supervision, and resolutely crack down on hoarding, price gouging and other acts that disrupt market order.
Jack Ma summoned by Indian court?
Ali: The official response of the network is not issued by Ali jqknews
Ali: The "official response" of the Internet is not issued by Ali
On the afternoon of July 26, foreign media reported that a court in the Indian capital New Delhi had subpoenaed UC India, Alibaba founder Jack Ma and more than a dozen other company executives in a former employee lawsuit.
In this regard, Wang Shuai, chairman of the Alibaba Market Public Relations Committee, wrote a humorous message in the circle of friends, saying that UC India is processing according to the process, but as to whether Ma Yun himself knows, Wang Shuai said: "I don't know.
It's getting harder and harder to find him after he retire... I've been looking for it all day... I'll go to the HHB bar tonight and look for it."
In addition, Ali confirmed to the Sino-Singapore Jingwei client that the so-called Ali official reply was previously reported by the Internet that UC has been firmly committed to serving the Indian market and protecting the welfare of local employees, and the policy is in line with local laws.
As the matter is still under trial, we cannot comment further on this matter.”
Not from Ali.
McDonald's will require customers to wear masks at more than 14,000 U.S. stores
In response to the new crown pneumonia epidemic, McDonald's issued a statement on the 24th that since August 1, McDonald's stores across the United States have required customers to wear masks when entering, and will provide masks at the entrance to customers who do not carry them.
McDonald's has more than 14,000 stores across the United States, according to NPR.
McDonald's revealed to the media that customers who do not want to wear masks will be directed to takeaway pick-up points that maintain a safe distance from other customers.
In addition, there will be additional protective panels in the dine-in area of McDonald's restaurants to maintain social distancing.
McDonald's has introduced new mask-wearing rules in response to customers who are unwilling to cooperate.
More than 50 plays will be staged one after another, Beijing Opera Group prepares for the resumption of theater - Xinhua English.news.cn
With the adjustment of Beijing's public health emergency response level from level two to level three, commercial cultural venues in Beijing ushered in limited current and reopened.
Beijing Performing Arts Group revealed that it has fully prepared for the opening of the theater, and more than 50 plays will be ready to debut one after another.
Today, Beijing Opera Group's online performance brand, Beijing Opera Theatre, will also be launched.
During the epidemic, the Beijing Performing Group's troupes "stopped performing non-stop 'art', stopped work and non-stop 'gong'" reserve masterpieces.
The Chinese Acrobatic Troupe will launch three new repertoires, "Phantom of Acrobatics", "Treasure of Heaven and Earth" and "Dream of the Future Star", integrating ballet, ballet opponent's top, umbrella, single pole, funny, diabolo, circle and other wonderful acrobatic performances.
China Ping Theatre's "65 years of splendid history, Qinglian elegant rhyme create brilliant again" performance season will also be kicked off. At that time, the old, middle and young generations of the opera will perform on the same stage to witness and celebrate the 65th anniversary of the founding of the Academy.
It is reported that China Ping Theatre has 30 major drama programs and 14 excerpts, including "Flower as a Matchmaker", "Mother", "Good Night", "Tibetan Rainbow", "Unparalleled Biography" and "New Pavilion Tears".
The Beijing Children's Art Theatre and the China Puppet Theatre, which are loved by small audiences, have also come up with "housekeeping" skills, waiting for children to get together again.
The China Puppet Theatre is preparing a large-scale original puppet show "The Great Wall" and a large-scale cartoon stage play "Panda and Mole: The Environmental Protection Guard of Garbage Sorting".
Beijing Children's Art Theatre's long-awaited small theater drama "14 Days" has completed the script writing and has begun to enter the rehearsal stage. It is scheduled to premiere at the end of August; the classic IP drama "You Look Like It Delicious" will be touring in 12 cities from October to December.
Beijing Opera and Dance Theatre is also orderly rehearsing 10 fine small dances such as Dream Chasing and Ten Thousand Horses Galloping, as well as classic songs such as Song of the New Era, Love in Beijing and Bridge of Love.
It is worth mentioning that the annual masterpiece of the Beijing Performing Group, the musical "In the Distance", which will be staged at the end of the year, is also in an orderly rehearsal.
Beijing Chinese Orchestra, Beijing Hebei Bangzi Opera Troupe, Beijing Opera Troupe and Beijing Opera Troupe also have many good opera masterpieces waiting to be staged on "The Day the Theater Opens".
Following the launch of the first online performance season in May, the online performance brand “Beijing Theatre”, which was built by integrating the high-quality performing arts resources of nine troupes, was officially launched today.
Beijing Opera Theater aims to create the most complete all-weather online theater in the art category, including the "Online Huimin Performance Season" of the Group's excellent and classic programs, as well as "Famous Masters Saying Opera Classic Playback", "Cloud Micro Classroom", "Beijing Opera with Opera, Accompanying Friday" and other different sections.
Today, the Beijing Chinese Orchestra will appear at the Beijing Opera Theatre as the first "guest" to bring a barrage concert of "National Tide" full of creativity and feelings to the audience.
All departments actively implement flood control measures to ensure transportation safety - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Fan Xi) Since the beginning of summer, many parts of China have been hit by heavy rains.
In order to do a good job in summer transportation flood control and transportation safety, all departments adhere to their posts, strengthen the investigation and rectification of hidden dangers, strengthen emergency response, and comprehensively implement various flood control measures.
According to the latest statistics from China State Railway Group Co., Ltd., the railway department has dispatched more than 280,000 inspectors to check more than 90,000 bridges, more than 17,000 tunnels and more than 240,000 culverts.
Since July 1, the main trunk lines and freight passages of the national railway have been kept safe and smooth, and the overall transportation order has been good. The departure, operation and arrival rates of cross-railway direct passenger trains have reached 97.7%, 87.1% and 86.8% respectively.
The dispatching station of China Railway Nanchang Bureau Group Co., Ltd. strengthened emergency response, designated a special person to dynamically track and master the flood control equipment, road material reserve and storage, and promptly reported information and started emergency response in case of sudden disaster failure.
Recently, in the face of the security threat caused by the formation of a dammed lake in the upstream of the heavy rainfall to the Qingjiang Bridge of the Yiwan Railway, the Yichang Comprehensive Maintenance Section of China Railway Wuhan Bureau Group Co., Ltd. organized professional and technical personnel to monitor the Qingjiang Bridge 24 hours a day, and established an all-weather communication mechanism with the local emergency department to grasp and deal with hidden dangers in a timely manner.
In order to ensure the safety of transportation electricity in summer, the State Grid Qingdao Jimo District Power Supply Company, combined with the climate characteristics of the flood season, worked closely with the local meteorological and railway departments to strengthen the inspection and hidden dangers of railway power supply lines and facilities in the jurisdiction, and strengthen the line corridor.
In order to further do a good job in flood control and typhoon prevention, China Eastern Airlines Technology Co., Ltd. has established an emergency rescue reserve team, carried out flood prevention and disaster prevention knowledge training, and formulated flight plans according to daily weather and typhoon warnings.
New book reveals Prince Harry thinks brother is 'snobbish'
A new book titled “Finding Freedom” is published in The Times and The Sunday Times about the royal life of Prince Harry and his wife Meghan Markle.
But Reuters reports that Harry and Meghan have disassociate themselves from the book, saying they have not been interviewed by the author or provided any content.
According to The Sunday Times, the new book, citing sources, said that when Harry and Meghan were dating, Prince William wanted to confirm whether the former Hollywood actress had ulterior motives for Harry.
According to the source, William told Harry at the time: "Don't feel the need to rush [to marry Meghan].
You can take the time to get to know this girl."
When Harry heard William describe Meghan as "the girl", he felt the arrogance and snobbery in his brother's tone, and he also believed that he no longer needed a reminder.
Harry and Meghan announced plans in January to live more independent lives and will be fending for themselves.
The couple officially stepped down as senior members of the royal family in March and are currently living in Los Angeles with their son Archie to pursue a new career.
Harry and Meghan married in May 2018.
At the time, the marriage was seen as injecting Hollywood glamour and a new era into the British royal family, and the two became one of the most high-profile celebrity couples in the world.
Bring an umbrella!
Today's rain in Beijing "reduces fever" and the maximum temperature drops to 29 ° C - Xinhua English.news.cn
Today (July 26), rain will come to Beijing again, the maximum temperature will drop to 29 ℃, reminding the public to pay attention to carry rain gear, pay attention to traffic safety.
Yesterday, there were more clouds in the sky in Beijing. The maximum temperature in most parts of the city in the afternoon exceeded 33 ° C, and the humidity increased compared with the previous few days, and the muggy feeling increased.
With the arrival of cold air, rain will come to Beijing again.
It is expected that during the day, Beijing will be cloudy and cloudy, with scattered showers (with weak thunder and lightning), the south wind is 23, the maximum temperature is 29 ° C; the night is overcast with light to moderate rain (with weak lightning), the south to the north wind, the lowest temperature is 23 ° C.
Tomorrow, there will be thunderstorms in Beijing, the maximum temperature of 30 ℃.
Experts remind that more than rainy weather today and tomorrow, go out to take rain gear, pay attention to lightning protection and traffic safety, try to avoid mountain activities, to prevent geological disasters.
Heilongjiang launches special action to clean up and rectify fraudulent use of well-known hospital names jqknews
In recent years, the names of some medical institutions are not standardized and inappropriate, and the names of well-known medical institutions have been used without authorization in accordance with the law, causing misleading to the people.
After inquiring the national enterprise credit information publicity system, some of the registered medical institutions in Heilongjiang Province appeared the words "Xiehe" and other well-known medical institutions, and used the name of "Xiehe" and other well-known hospitals to carry out business.
At the same time, we will take this as an opportunity to carry out various forms of law popularization activities to improve the awareness of market players' responsibility, legal rights protection and law-abiding business awareness.
Through unimpeded complaint and reporting channels, a number of typical cases with bad influence were exposed to the public, forming a deterrent effect.
30 e-sports projects settled in Shanghai Pudong to expand online new economy "new track" - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Shanghai, July 25 (Reporter Teng Jiani) On the 24th, 30 key e-sports projects landed in Shanghai Pudong New Area, covering all categories of e-sports industry development from venues, events to enterprises, and is expected to drive the regional e-sports game industry. Add 10 billion yuan in revenue.
The digital cultural industry represented by e-sports games will become a new growth point for Pudong’s new online economy, helping Shanghai to build a global e-sports capital.
In terms of e-sports venues, on the basis of the existing top competition venues such as the Mei Ben Cultural Center and the Oriental Sports Center, a new batch of venues such as the Pudong Football Stadium, the professional e-sports space, and the Dongchang Yi Space have been confirmed to land in Pudong.
Wang Haisong, general manager of Senlan Land of Shanghai Waigaoqiao Group, told reporters that the indoor venue of Senlan E-sports Hall can accommodate 1,000 people.
In terms of e-sports supporting industries, Pudong strives to improve the layout of the industrial chain.
World champion teams such as NetEase Dragon Team settled down at the signing event, and the only game e-sports TV digital channel in China – the game situation moved to Pudong for development.
In terms of competitions, Pudong actively strives for the landing of top international and domestic competitions to create an endless e-sports season.
A number of e-sports events such as the 2020 Peace Elite International Champions Cup and La Liga e-sports were announced to be held in Pudong.
In terms of enterprises, Pudong focuses on promoting the landing of head enterprises.
Such as the original information plan to launch dozens of game products in Pudong, NetEase Blizzard, Perfect World, Shengqu Games will also actively launch new projects, for the formation of 10 billion yuan revenue.
Statistics show that the current size of the e-sports game industry in Pudong accounts for one-third of Shanghai.
A number of e-sports game head companies such as Tencent and NetEase have landed in Pudong, and a number of top events such as TI9 and King's Glory Winter Games are held in Pudong. Pudong is becoming the "strong heart" of the development of Shanghai's e-sports industry.
The agglomeration of high-quality e-sports industry in Pudong is also inseparable from the support of relevant policies.
Recently, the China Game Industry Research Institute landed in Pudong, setting high standards for the industry.
Qunxing Vocational School in Pudong was awarded the title of “Shanghai Vocational Education E-sports Professional Pilot School”, laying the foundation for the cultivation of talents in the e-sports industry.
The registration system for e-sports athletes was first implemented in Pudong, further improving the professional level of e-sports players.
Huang Wei, director of the Pudong New Area Culture, Sports and Tourism Bureau, said that Pudong proposed to build a “core functional area for the development of Shanghai’s e-sports industry” around the goal of building Shanghai into a “global e-sports capital”.
In the next step, Pudong will continue to focus on key events and key enterprises, accelerate development and form an industrial chain.
Using the policies of the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone, in order to improve the overall development of the e-sports industry, pilot experiments, explore innovations, and form replicable and popularized experiences.
Capital Theatre welcomes the first audience after the epidemic tomorrow - Xinhua English.news.cn
Beijing Renyi will launch the script reading of the classic work "Death of a Salesman" at 2 pm tomorrow, welcoming long-lost audiences at the Capital Theater.
Under the premise of "adhering to normal prevention and control, orderly opening, and reservation flow restriction", Beijing Renyi will strictly implement the personnel reservation flow restriction measures to ensure that the total number of spectators does not exceed 30% of the theater seats, and ensure that the audience sits at intervals and maintains a distance of more than 1 meter.
At the same time, the theater has also made adequate preparations in daily duty, cleaning and disinfection, inspection and registration, garbage disposal, site inspections, and safety management.
This event is only open to the audience who holds a physical membership card of the Friends of the Arts Association. Due to the current limit requirement, each person can book one ticket until the book is full.
On the day of the performance, the booker must bring the original ID card and the performance ticket, wear a mask, and maintain a distance of more than 1 meter to check the ticket in an orderly manner.
Masks must be worn at all times during the performance and direct conversation should be avoided as much as possible.
Death of a Salesman is a novel by Arthur Miller, written in 1949.
In the 1980s, under the mediation of Ying Ruocheng and others, Arthur Miller came to China and rehearsed his own work for Beijing Renyi.
The script reading was entirely composed of a team of young actors from Beijing Renyi. The rehearsal took place for two weeks under the leadership of director Tang Ye. Each of them created a biography to analyze the characters in depth, with a view to revisiting this masterpiece of realist drama nearly 40 years later.
Today, the opening ceremony of the 2020 Hunan Red Tourism Culture Festival and the first Xiangtan Red Cultural Industry Expo was held in Shaoshan.
Zhang Hongsen, member of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee and Minister of the Propaganda Department of the Provincial Party Committee, announced the opening of the Red Tourism Culture Festival.
Hunan Red Tourism Culture Festival has been successfully held for 16 sessions and is a well-known brand of national red tourism.
The festival is co-sponsored by the Propaganda Department of the Provincial Party Committee, the Provincial Department of Culture and Tourism, and the Xiangtan Municipal Party Committee and Municipal Government.
Wu Guiying said that the holding of this festival is of great significance to the implementation of General Secretary Xi Jinping's important instructions to make good use of red resources, carry forward the red tradition and inherit the red gene, further grasp the development of red tourism in our province, promote the recovery of the cultural tourism market, and let the "red power" condense into a broad synergy of building a rich, beautiful and happy new Hunan.
It will play a more active role in promoting the red culture, inheriting the red spirit, stimulating cultural tourism consumption, and promoting the high-quality development of Hunan's cultural tourism.
At the opening ceremony, two activities of "Red Moving Hunan and Jiangxi • Praise China" Red Dance Invitational Tournament and "Retaking the Long March Road and Crossing the Border of Hunan and Jiangxi" were launched at the same time.
During the festival, activities such as investment promotion and signing ceremony of Xiangtan industrial projects, red tourism five-good lecturer forum and red education training seminar, red wisdom cultural tourism experience exhibition and new technology sharing, "Xiang water homologous, cultural same root" Hunan folk song invitational competition and other activities will also be held.
During the opening ceremony, Zhang Hongsen, Wu Guiying and other leaders and guests toured the first Xiangtan Red Cultural Industry Expo and watched the live performance of "China has a Mao Zedong".
Qinghai Lake "Flower Sea Live Room": "Sweet" Brings Goods to Help Farmers Increase Income
2020-07-26 19:43:50 Source: China News Network Author: Su Yiyu Responsible Editor: Su Yiyu
The picture shows Wu Na (left), President of Beijing Houdeli Bee Industry Co., Ltd., promoting Qinghai bee products.
Photographed by Ma Mingyan
China News Service, Qinghai, Hainan, July 26th Title: "Flower Sea Live Room" on the shore of Qinghai Lake: "sweet" brings goods to help farmers increase income
Author Hu Guilong Pan Yujie
"The Qinghai Lake in midsummer is full of golden flowers and thousands of bees flying. The altitude here is high, the temperature difference between day and night is large, and the air pollution is less. The strong light has bred the most tenacious and generous bee colonies, creating the characteristics of Qinghai royal jelly with high activity, high protein, rich nutritional value, low sugar and low fat."
On the 26th, Zhang Jianxun, deputy director of the Industry and Information Administration of Hainan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in Qinghai Province, said.
On the same day, the live broadcast of bee products to help farmers in the fight against epidemics was held on the shore of Qinghai Lake. The China Bee Products Association, entrepreneur representatives, bee farmers and other parties gathered to promote Qinghai special bee products. Nearly 10,000 bottles of Qinghai Plateau royal jelly were sold online and offline, with a total of nearly 3.8 million yuan.
A beekeeper displaying bee products.
It is reported that the live broadcasting activity promotes the exchange and cooperation of "enterprise   beekeeper   grower" with the help of Beijing Houdeli Bee Industry Chain Store Network, Kuaishou, Taobao and other well-known domestic bee product retail enterprises, live broadcast, and e-commerce platforms.
In this regard, Wu Na, president of Beijing Houdeli Bee Industry Co., Ltd., believes that it is “worth it”: “This move can expand the popularity of Qinghai bee products, attract more consumers to understand and like pure natural bee products without additives, and drive beekeepers to increase their income.”
At present, the company has signed a strategic agreement on production cooperation with Qinghai Cloud Bee Industry Co., Ltd. and Qinghai Huabao Bee Industry Co., Ltd. to jointly promote the rapid development of the local bee industry in Qinghai.
Rapeseed flowers on the shores of Qinghai Lake.
This spring, due to the need to set up road crossings for epidemic prevention and control, beekeepers' road to "chasing flowers and honey" was blocked. Many bees died due to missed flowering and lack of food, and beekeepers' income was seriously affected.
"All year round, the beekeepers travel long distances following the flowering season, moving north from Yunnan and Sichuan all the way to the northwest region.
As a business, we have a responsibility to help them.”
Una said.
"Little bees are 'environmental scouts', and bees cannot survive in heavily polluted areas." Zhao Xiaochuan, executive vice president of the China Bee Products Association, said that bee pollination is an important link in the ecological chain, which plays an irreplaceable role in protecting plant diversity and improving the ecological environment.
At the same time, bee pollination can increase crop yield and quality, especially in areas with extensive planting and poor management conditions.
Studies have shown that pollination can increase the yield of rapeseed by about 15% to 30%.
The picture shows Zhao Xiaochuan (right), executive vice president of China Bee Products Association, promoting Qinghai bee products.
"The economic, ecological and social benefits created by bee pollination far outweigh the value of the bee products themselves. The bee industry has great potential in human health, crop production, vegetation reproduction and ecological protection, which has been poorly understood."
Zhao Xiaochuan said.
Nowadays, the number of beekeepers is decreasing. In addition to beekeepers who are rushing around all the year round, there are still many poor households with limited mobility who choose to participate in cooperatives with beehives.
"The state has financial support. We contacted technical personnel to help guide. Beekeepers lack understanding and judgment of the market environment. To open up sales, they also need the help and coordination of the government, enterprises and industry associations."
Zhao Xiaochuan said.
"I hope that everyone will pay more attention to and help beekeeping groups in the future," Wu Na said. "Our bee products are also screened and controlled in strict accordance with national standards to ensure quality and protect consumer rights while helping beekeepers."
Affected by continuous rainfall, since July 22, the soil of the Zhongbao landslide in the Zhongtai Formation of Liujing Village, Liujing Village, Wulong District, Chongqing, has cracked, and a large area of slip deformation has occurred, completely blocking the Cang River, forming a dam with a water level of 13 meters in front of the dam and an estimated reservoir capacity of about 550,000 cubic meters.
In order to ensure the safety of navigation, the Chongqing maritime department decided to implement temporary traffic control on the waters from Shipan to Guanyintan in the Yangtze River.
According to the monitoring of Chongqing Meteorological and Hydrological Department, since the 25th, there has been moderate to heavy rain in the central, western and northeastern parts of Chongqing, with heavy rain in some areas and heavy rain locally.
Fujiang Xiaoheba station will appear the highest water level on the evening of the 26th, the highest water level is close to the warning level.
In order to ensure the safety of navigation, the Chongqing maritime department decided to implement temporary traffic control on the waters from Shipan to Guanyintan in the Yangtze River.
After the Chongqing Municipal Office of Defense and meteorology, water conservancy, hydrology and other departments and units urgently discussed and judged, the Chongqing Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters decided to issue level III warning information for river floods and start flood control level IV emergency response.
The Chongqing Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters requires that Chongqing Jiangbei, Shapingba, Tongnan, Wulong and other districts and counties and relevant member units of Chongqing Municipality should pay close attention to the rainwater situation, especially the changes in the rise of the Yangtze River, Jialing River and Wujiang River, analyze and judge in advance, issue early warnings, strengthen patrol duty, resolutely and decisively evacuate the people in threatened areas, mobilize emergency rescue teams and materials in a timely manner, and avoid mass casualties.
The ceremony was attended by Minister Counsellor of the Vietnamese Embassy in Laos, Zheng Thi Xin, representatives of the Vietnamese Buddhist Association in Laos, the Lao Vietnamese General Association, the Vientiane Provincial Government, and the Lao Veterans Association.
The ceremony was held in a solemn and solemn atmosphere. Delegates successively offered incense to the heroes and martyrs in memory of their great achievements and the special solidarity between Vietnam and Laos.
Minister Counsellor Tran said that this is an opportunity for the Lao Vietnamese and Lao people to jointly remember the revolutionary heroes of the two countries and express their gratitude to the heroes who sacrificed for the independence and freedom of the two countries. It is also a good opportunity for the two peoples to recall the two countries working together to fight against the common enemy, strive for national independence, national reunification, jointly build national development and consolidate bilateral relations.
Seventy-four years ago, on January 23, 1946, 28 soldiers of the Lao-Vietnam Combat Alliance died heroically while attacking Phonehe stronghold.
The victory of the offensive was a historic victory for the two countries in the early stage of the revolutionary struggle for national liberation.
She stressed that the two peoples will always remember the heroes who sacrificed their lives for the struggle for national liberation of the two countries, and stressed that the young people of the two countries will continue to carry forward the heroic and strong traditions of the older generations and make their due contributions to the continuous blossoming of Vietnam-Laos relations and the prosperity and development of the two countries.
Milestone crossing!
Inter unlocks 3,000th Serie A match
China News Service client, July 26th, Beijing time on the morning of the 26th, Serie A traditional giants Inter Milan ushered in a milestone battle.
The away game against Genoa was Inter Milan's 3,000th Serie A game, according to Italian media, and the Nerazzurri were the first team to achieve this milestone.
Inter are the only team to have never missed Serie A since the league was restructured in 1929, and the only team to have never been relegated.
According to Italian media reports, Inter Milan and Genoa match is the Nerazzurri's 3,000th game in the history of the team.
In this milestone battle, Inter Milan three goals away from Genoa.
Lukaku scored twice and Sanchez also scored.
The game entered the rhythm of Inter from the start, and the storm finally converted into a goal in the 34th minute.
Biraghi crossed from the left and Lukaku headed in.
In the 82nd minute, Inter Milan did the same. Moses broke through the right-sided pass and Sanchez took a shot in the middle. Before the end, Lukaku completed a brace. Brozovic sent a long-distance straight in the counterattack. Lukaku broke into the penalty area and passed Romero and then pushed the empty goal to score the score at 3-0.
Inter Milan beat Genoa 3-0 to move up to 2nd place in points ahead of Atalanta, four points behind leaders Juventus with a game in hand, and still retain their title hopes.
So far, in the 3,000 Serie A games spanning nearly 90 years, Inter won 1,489 of them, drew 834 and lost 677, a winning rate of 49.6%.
In the meantime, the team scored 5,038 goals and conceded 3,102 goals, averaging 1.68 goals per game.
The Nerazzurri have won the league 18 times and have never been relegated.
It said the drone crashed in Lebanon during an Israeli mission near the Blue Line on the Israeli-Lebanon border.
The statement did not mention why the drone went down.
Some Israeli media reported that the drone may have malfunctioned and crashed.
According to reports, Israeli Deputy Prime Minister and Defense Minister Gantz said during a visit to the northern part of Israel that afternoon, in order to ensure its security interests, Israel will continue to take action against Syria and Lebanon.
Israel has long viewed Hezbollah as a major security threat and accused Iran of sending weapons to Hezbollah through the Syrian land corridor.
Israel has repeatedly carried out airstrikes against targets in Syria.
Liu Yunlong, an old face of spy war drama, plays a stuttering actor jqknews
Produced by Liu Yunlong and directed by Yin Fei, the large-scale spy war drama "Winning Odds" starring Liu Yunlong, Su Qing, Liang Guanhua, Li Liqun, etc., landed on Guangdong Satellite TV's "Vigor Theater" at 7:30 pm on July 16.
The drama tells the story of Tang Fei (Liu Yunlong), an underground member of the Communist Party of China who lurks in the Japanese and puppet police station, and Soviet agents to assassinate the Japanese agent leader and smash the Japanese army's shocking conspiracy.
Odds of Victory is based on historical facts, and the material is taken from the dusty Soviet military archives for many years.
During the defense of Moscow, the Soviet Red Army's Far East elite rushed westward, and the Japanese Kwantung Army's "northern faction" thought that there was an opportunity and intended to send troops.
In order to relieve the danger of being attacked by the enemy, the CCP and the Soviet Communist intelligence personnel jointly implemented the "Mudan-Ula" plan.
According to this historical background, the well-known screenwriter Deng Yuan has been polished several times to make the plot twists and turns.
Liu Yunlong is also the producer and actor in "Winning Odds".
In the play, he plays Tang Fei, the chief of the criminal department of the Linhe Police Department. He is a stammer policeman with a sense of joy and even a bit of anger. The real identity is a member of the underground party of the Communist Party of China.
Cai Meng, the heroine who plays the opposite play, is the chief of the Linhe Security Bureau. She is deeply appreciated by the Japanese boss Fukuhara. There is a delicate relationship with Tang Fei who is also an enemy and a friend.
Su Qing has tried many different types of roles in recent years, from Lu Ruowen in "Those Years We Are Young" to Er Qing in "Yanxi Palace", all of which have left a deep impression on the audience and their acting has been recognized.
This time Su Qing and Liu Yunlong are the first partners, and the setting of the stammer sheriff with the charming policewoman is quite interesting and innovative.
In addition to the two protagonists, there are many powerful actors such as Liang Guanhua, Li Liqun, Qian Bo, Lei Han and Shen Junyi in "Winning Odds".
It is understood that "Winning Odds" is also very well-produced, and the crew spans nearly 2,000 kilometers of shooting in Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Liaoning provinces.
In order to restore the bizarre city style of the Northeast Japanese occupation period, the art and props team of the crew rushed to work day and night, carefully polished every detail of the scene construction and props, so that the scenes in the play were exquisite and full of historical texture.
Floods kill 16 in Yemen's western provinces - Xinhua English.news.cn
KUWAIT CITY, July 26 (Xinhua) -- At least 16 people have been killed in floods in the western Yemeni provinces of Hodeidah and Hajjah in the past 48 hours, according to local media reports on the 26th.
Thirteen people were killed in floods caused by rains in Hodeidah province, while three people were killed in the floods in neighbouring Hajj province, the report said.
In addition, dozens of houses in northern Hodeidah and southern Hajj were destroyed by flooding, and some roads and farmland were also damaged to varying degrees.
Years of military conflict have caused Yemen's health system to collapse.
According to the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, more than 1 million people have been infected with cholera in Yemen since 2017, and more than 2,000 have died.
Yemeni health authorities are concerned that continued flooding will lead to a resurgence of the cholera epidemic.
'Jedi attack' released in the boxing ring to chase dreams - Xinhua English.news.cn
Directed by young director Gao Zhuangzhuang, the online movie "Jedi Attack" starring Liao William, Dongyu, Yang Xinran and Wang Yibo was officially released on iQiyi.
The film tells the story of Venus, a down-and-out boxer who returns to the ring and fights for dignity.
The film "Jedi Attack" is driven by Thailand as the main plot, and uses "Muay Thai" as the starting point of the down-to-earth boxing champion Venus to pursue his dream. The whole story is adapted from traditional Chinese cultural values. Whether it is Venus's determination to fight fake boxing for Master in the early stage, or later with the support of friends and lover's efforts to revive the dignity of fighting, all show the Chinese traditional culture and men's pursuit of big family and dreams.
Combining the classic Hollywood sports movie story mode and the strong cooperation of professional teams from China and Thailand, "Jedi Attack" not only presents an international effect, but also will impress different types of audiences.
At the same time, "Jedi Strike" shows a lot of Muay Thai fighting and training plots, fierce and bloody scenes.
In the film, Zhang Xiaoliang, a game designer played by Dongyu, helps Venus, played by William Liao, return to the ring and take off the crown through a fighting game.
In addition, the long-lasting love between Venus and Jingjing is also very touching. Jingjing's silent support for Venus and Venus' firm commitment to Jingjing have made the audience see the "tenderness of the iron man" on Venus.
Four Departments Unite!
Start App's Illegal Collection and Use of Personal Information Governance
2020-07-26 15:18:27 Source: CCTV Author: Zhu Yanjing Editor in charge: Zhu Yanjing
Start the App's illegal collection and use of personal information governance.
National Information Security Standardization Technical Committee, China Consumers Association, China Internet Association, China Cyberspace Security Association, and relevant professional evaluation agencies attended the meeting.
The Working Group on the Governance of the Illegal Collection and Use of Personal Information by Apps uses two special channels, WeChat official account (“App Personal Information Reporting”) and website (pip.tc260.org.cn), to accept clues and reports from netizens about the illegal collection and use of personal information.
At the same time, the majority of netizens can also report and reflect illegal acts to platforms such as the Illegal and Bad Information Reporting Center (www.12377.cn) and the Network Bad and Spam Reporting Center (www.12321.cn).
CCTV reporter Zhang Gang
Greenland starts a new round of mixed reform, Shanghai state-owned assets intends to transfer 17.5% of shares jqknews
Economic Observation Network reporter Rao Xianjun July 26, Greenland Holdings (600606.SH) issued a "state-owned shareholders intend to transfer part of the company's shares and resumption of trading by means of public solicitation of the transferee's indicative announcement."
According to the announcement, in order to further deepen the reform of state-owned assets and state-owned enterprises, optimize the structure adjustment of state-owned assets, and improve the shareholding structure of greenland, Shanghai Real Estate (Group) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as “Shanghai Real Estate”) and Shanghai Urban Investment (Group) Co., Ltd.
The price of the shares to be transferred this time shall not be less than the higher of the following two: the arithmetic average of the daily weighted average price of the 30 trading days before the date of the reminder announcement (July 27, 2020); and the audited net asset value per share of the company in the latest fiscal year.
At present, the new strategic investors of Greenland are still inconclusive. According to the public information of the announcement, the new strategic investors need to pay about 14 billion yuan to win the 17.5% equity transferred in the mixed ownership reform of Greenland.
It is worth noting that after the completion of this share transfer, it is expected that Greenland will still have no controlling shareholder and actual controller, but the control structure may change significantly.
Since its establishment, Greenland Holdings has carried out several institutional reforms: from 1992 to 1997, it operated under the pure state-owned system in accordance with market-oriented rules; from 1997 to 2013, it established and continuously improved the joint-stock system of state-owned holding and employee shareholding; from 2013 to 2015, it introduced strategic investors to form a mixed ownership system of cross-shareholding and mutual integration of state-owned and non-public capital; since 2015, it has been listed as a public company as a whole.
Greenland’s current mixed reform plan is similar to Gree. In December 2019, Hillhouse Capital led Zhuhai Mingjun to take over 15% of Gree Electric (000651.SZ) for 41.662 billion yuan. Gree Group retreated to a minority shareholder. After the completion of the mixed reform, Gree Electric implemented a modern enterprise management method such as an executive incentive plan and no actual controller structure.
Zhang Yuliang, chairman and president of Greenland Holdings, said that the move is an important measure for Shanghai to promote comprehensive reform of state-owned assets and state-owned enterprises and accelerate a new stage of state-owned enterprise reform in accordance with the requirements of the CPC Central Committee.
Inter-provincial travel resumes China's first inter-provincial high-speed train travel special train - Xinhua English.news.cn
Xinhua News Agency, Hangzhou, July 25 (Reporter Li Ping) At 12:20 on July 25, more than 200 Shanghai tourists who took the D771 high-speed train successfully arrived in Lanxi City, Zhejiang Province.
Located in Lanxi City in the central and western part of Zhejiang Province, there are many scenic spots such as Zhuge Bagua Village, Underground Changhe and Zhiyan Ancient Village. In the two-day and one-night trip, more than 200 Shanghai tourists will appreciate these attractions one by one.
Li Li, deputy general manager of Shanghai Railway International Tourism (Group) Co., Ltd., said that according to the latest policy, the company kept a close eye on the demand for cross-provincial travel, and communicated with Lanxi City at the first time to carefully launch "Shanghai to Lanxi" and "Summer two-day tour" products.
Aunt Sun from Shanghai said that because of the epidemic, she has not gone out this year.
"I've been bored at home for a long time. As soon as I saw a team tour, I immediately shared the news with my friends and signed up. I've never been to Lanxi before and I'm looking forward to this trip." Aunt Sun said.
It is understood that in September last year, Lanxi City and Shanghai Railway International Tourism (Group) Co., Ltd. signed a strategic cooperation agreement on the project of "taking high-speed rail to visit Lanxi".
I slapped myself?
White House advisers 'bite' states to resume work too early - Xinhua English.news.cn
White House advisers 'bite' states to resume work too soon
On July 23, the number of confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia in the United States exceeded 4 million, accounting for 30% of the global cases.
For months, US President Donald Trump has repeatedly asked states across the country to return to work and return to school. Only recently did he change his attitude and take the initiative to wear masks in public, and his advisers even said that some state governments resumed work too early.
White House presidential adviser Kellyanne Conway said at a news conference on Tuesday that some states had failed to comply with reopening standards and reopened places like bars too soon.
Conway also said that previous claims that the president has "absolute power" to decide on the reopening of states are false rumors.
“The president is a federalist, and he believes in the autonomy of the states.”
She defended Trump.
However, the "rumor" in Conway's mouth was uttered by Trump himself at the White House coronavirus briefing on April 13.
This self-defeating operation was ridiculed by netizens as "rewriting history".
Kellyanne Conway wants to rewrite history, and she's a liar.
Trump called Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer a dictator because she followed medical guidelines and insisted on the shutdown.
Trump wants to push for reopening so he can hold rallies.
This isn't the first time Kellyanne Conway has caused controversy.
On April 15, during an interview with Fox News, Conway blurted out, “This is COVID-19, not COVID-1, friends!”
She seems to understand "19" as a version number, and is ridiculed by netizens: If you don't have common sense, look at the newspaper!
Is it reasonable to sue the school after a 3-year-old child's college playground is smashed?
2020-07-26 05:01:11 Source: Legal Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Responsible Editor: Wang Sishuo
Playground smashed, children sue school after compensation
□ Correspondent Zhao Yifan
When 3-year-old Xiaowen was playing in a university playground, he was accidentally hit in the head by Chen of the softball team.
Chen compensation, Xiaowen's father, Mr. Wen, as Xiaowen's legal agent, sued the school to the court, demanding an apology from the school where the incident occurred, and paying medical expenses and mental damage solubilities totaling 20,000 yuan.
Recently, after hearing the case, the Haidian District People's Court of Beijing held that the school had set up a protective net in the playground at the time of the incident, and had fulfilled the appropriate safety guarantee obligations, and Chen had made compensation, and accordingly dismissed the plaintiff's claims.
Mr. Wen alleged that during the summer vacation of 2019, he took Xiaowen to play in the school playground, when the softball team was training in the playground.
In order to avoid the resulting risks, Xiaowen, Mr. Wen and many other children and parents are in the safe area designated by the softball team.
But then the softball player Chen released his hand while pitching, causing the softball to fly over the net to the safety area and hit Xiaowen in the back of the head.
Wen immediately took Xiaowen to the hospital for treatment and was diagnosed with head trauma.
Mr. Wen believes that the facilities of the school stadium do not meet the relevant safety regulations, and the team and related facilities are not effectively managed.
The school's negligence led to the above-mentioned incidents, resulting in great physical and mental pain Xiaowen, but also to his family brought greater pain, which the school should bear legal responsibility.
In this regard, the school argued that the school had set up a protective net in the playground, and posted management regulations and training notices, telling the playground to keep a safe distance from the training site and reminding them to pay attention to their own safety.
After trial, the court held that the venue of the incident was a venue open to the public free of charge by the university involved. Although the school had a safety guarantee obligation for the management of the playground, this safety guarantee obligation only needed to meet the general duty of care.
At the time of the incident, the school set up a protective net in the playground, and had fulfilled the appropriate security obligations, and Chen also compensated Xiaowen for medical expenses, transportation expenses and other losses of more than 2,000 yuan in accordance with the compensation agreement previously reached.
Later , Xiaowen parents once again claimed compensation for the school , no basis in law , the court dismissed all of the plaintiff 's claims .
Neither party appealed the verdict, which is now in effect.
Article 37 of the Tort Liability Law of the People's Republic of China stipulates that schools, as managers of public places, have the obligation to ensure safety; if the acts of a third party cause damage to others, the third party shall bear the tort liability, and the administrator of public places who fails to fulfill the obligation of security shall bear the corresponding supplementary liability.
The judge said that as the manager of a public place, it is most likely to understand the actual situation of the entire place, to foresee the possible dangers and damages, and thus to take the necessary measures to prevent the occurrence of losses or to reduce the extent of the damage, and the cost of avoiding and mitigating the occurrence of the damage is the lowest.
In this case, for the unspecified people entering the playground open to the public free of charge, the safety guarantee obligations of the school should be compatible with the social activities they engage in. Specifically, the main safety measures should be taken and the hidden dangers should be notified.
In judicial practice, it is not appropriate to impose excessive security obligations on public place managers.
If the school has adopted a protective net and fulfilled its obligation to inform, it can be determined that the school is not at fault and should not be liable.
In addition, for third-party torts, even if the administrators of public places such as schools fail to fulfill their safety guarantee obligations, their liability is also a supplement to damages. According to the latest Civil Code, after the administrators assume supplementary liability, they can also recover from the third party.
Therefore, in such an accident, the victim should not expand the scope of the claim after it has received compensation from the direct infringer.
Under the normalization of epidemic prevention and control, people's enthusiasm for exercise and fitness is soaring.
With the gradual liberalization of inter-provincial tourism business, the tourism market is about to usher in a recovery.
Fujian Province resumed cross-provincial tourism business from July 21, and Xiamen, a popular tourist destination, ushered in a peak in the first weekend after opening.
As a popular tourist destination city, there are many tourists arriving in Xiamen on weekends.
Xiamen Railway Station is expected to send 3.7 million passengers in the summer, while the airport passenger flow is mainly based on students, tourism and family visits.
The tourism market is gradually picking up. In July, Xiamen Airport operated an average of 440 sorties per day, and domestic flights have returned to 80% of pre-epidemic levels.
Airlines have encrypted air express lines from Xiamen to major cities such as Shanghai, Beijing, Kunming and Xi'an to seize the recovered tourism market.
At present, a number of travel agencies in Xiamen have launched a number of domestic cross-provincial tour products in summer, and the team itinerary is mainly based on outdoor attractions.
In response to the summer passenger peak at railway stations and airports, relevant units have sent additional manpower to areas where personnel are easy to gather such as check-in counters and security check passages. Fujian has also optimized and upgraded the "Bamin Health Code" to achieve health data sharing and mutual recognition with 31 provinces, and promote the orderly recovery of the tourism market.
Can Andy Liu Qingyun "dismantle" new sparks? - Xinhua English.news.cn
"The Hurt Locker 2" is set to be released on December 24th.
The second part is still directed by Yau Lai Tao, produced and starred by Andy Lau, with a new story.
It is reported that the addition of the "nuclear bomb" element in the second part also makes the challenge faced by the bomb disposal experts more difficult.
Three years ago, the bomb disposal expert produced by the original team won the May 1 box office champion of the year and won 7 nominations at the Hong Kong Film Awards. Qiu Litao × Andy Lau also became the gold medal partner in the minds of the audience.
The "bomb disposal experts 2", but also once again look forward to this pair of ace combination can rub off new sparks.
The bomb disposal expert 2 tells a brand new story: Pan Chengfeng (Andy Lau), a former bomb disposal expert, faints at the scene of the explosion and is listed as a suspect by the police.
In order to find out the truth, he has to ask his friend Dong Zhuowen (Liu Qingyun), who is also a bomb disposal expert, for help.
The female inspector who is eager to solve the case and Pang Ling (Ni Ni), who is also Pan Chengfeng's ex-girlfriend, is also involved.
He is still a bomb disposal expert, but he can feel the complexity of Andy Lau's new role from the preview of the file: he broke a leg, put on a prosthesis, while being chased by Liu Qingyun, who is also a bomb disposal expert, while being directed by his ex-girlfriend Ni Ni.
What is the relationship between the three, what did Andy Lau do in the Xiangdao Hotel, what kind of cases were involved, and what twists and turns did his bomb disposal expert's career have experienced, all kinds of mysteries are curious.
It is understood that the highlight of the film is the scene of Hong Kong's world landmarks, coupled with the top special effects production team, bringing shocking and realistic visual impact.
(Reporter Nie Qing)
Russia's Navy Day is celebrated on July 26, with military parades in Saint Petersburg and Kronstadt.
Russian President Vladimir Putin, Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation, arrived in Kronstadt to attend the celebrations, where 15 ships and submarines were inspected.
On July 28, 2019 local time, a grand military parade was held to celebrate the Navy Day in Saint Petersburg, Russia.
According to reports, Putin congratulated the navy officers and soldiers on the Navy Day, and sailed by a small boat in the Gulf of Finland next to the ships that will participate in the sea parade, and then reviewed the troops at the main ceremonial platform.
Putin said that the Russian naval fleet is equipped with the latest ships and special equipment, and the equipment level is constantly improving.
"The Russian naval fleet has warships equipped with high-precision weapons, strategic diving cruisers and multi-purpose submarines, aircraft such as the latest aircraft, unique weapons and special equipment," Putin said at a military parade on Russian Navy Day.
On June 24, local time, Russia held a military parade on Red Square to commemorate the 75th anniversary of the victory of the Great Patriotic War.
He also said that the Russian naval fleet will rely on digitalization and effective defense means to achieve a unique advantage.
The main naval parades celebrating Russian Navy Day were held in St. Petersburg and Kronstadt, with 46 ships participating, including the frigate Admiral Kasatonov, the large anti-submarine ship Admiral Kulakov, as well as large landing ships, small missile ships, frigates and submarines.
Among them, a series of ships are statically displayed next to the Hermitage Bridge in St. Petersburg, the most eye-catching of which is a replica of the first Russian battleship of the early 18th century, Poltava.
In order to avoid the spread of the new crown virus, only local residents and special guests will be allowed to enter Kronstadt during the naval parade this year.
The last Sunday of July is Russian Navy Day.
Yang Hongnian, founder of Beijing Philharmonic Choir, dies at 86
Beijing News (Reporter Liu Zhen) On July 26, the Beijing Philharmonic Chorus issued an obituary. The founder of the Beijing Philharmonic Chorus, a famous Chinese conductor, music educator, lifelong academic member of the Central Conservatory of Music and professor of the conducting department, Yang Hongnian, died at 13:55 on July 26, 2020 in Beijing at the age of 86.
Image courtesy of the Beijing Philharmonic Choir.
Yang Hongnian was born in 1934 in Nanjing, Jiangsu Province.
In 1951, he became the conductor of the choir of Nanjing People's Broadcasting Station. In the autumn of 1951, he was admitted to the Music Department of East China Normal University in Shanghai. He studied under Professor Yang Jiaren and German conductor Hizman, and studied form and polyphony from the former Soviet Union expert Arzamanov.
In 1958, he taught at the Music Department of Beijing Art Teachers College. In 1973, he was transferred to the Composition Department and Conducting Department of the Central Conservatory of Music.
Yang Hongnian founded the Beijing Philharmonic Choir in 1983.
For more than 30 years, he has led the choir to sing all over the world and has won dozens of awards in important competitions at home and abroad.
He has conducted the performances of more than 30 groups such as the Central Orchestra Chorus, the Central National Song and Dance Ensemble, the Oriental Song and Dance Ensemble, and the Shanghai Chorus, and held many symphony concerts and choral concerts.
His works include Orchestra Training, Choral Training, Two Song Writing, Children's Songs (Volumes I and II), and essays on chorus intonation and orchestral sound hierarchy, as well as translations of Chorus Orchestration and Debussy's Harmony Language.
China News Service, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporter Liu Xian) Chongqing Municipal Development and Reform Commission announced on the 26th that the city has so far returned 4,404 fishermen, accounting for 42.54% of all fishermen involved.
Li Daiguo, 53, said in an interview with Chinanews.com that his grandfather had fished in the Longxi River. Since the age of 11, he had followed his father to fish, rocking a boat, moving along the Longxi River, up to Liangping, Chongqing, down to longevity, every time he left home for ten days and a half months, relying on fishing to support his family.
However, since 1997, as the rural population gradually swarmed into the town, the number of residents in the town of Gao'anchang has become more and more serious, and the environmental pollution caused by it has become more and more serious.
Paper mills, chemical plants and farms have been built along the Longxi River, which also pollute the river.
By 2007 and 2008, the Longxi River became a stinking ditch.
"The scales of the fish that were caught were black, and the inside was black when they were cut."
Li Daiguo said that fishing after the river pollution is becoming more and more difficult.
Local efforts began to make great efforts to control Longxi River pollution, including drifting, river patrol, aquatic resources management and protection.
Li Daiguo also retired from the fishermen to change production and became a member of the river patrol team to manage and protect aquatic resources.
From January 1, 2020, the aquatic life reserve and related waters in the main urban area of Chongqing have been completely banned.
According to the data of Chongqing Municipal Development and Reform Commission, up to now, Chongqing has accumulatively retired 3,403 fishing vessels and 4,643 fishing vessels have signed withdrawal agreements, accounting for 63.3% and 86.3% of the total tasks of the three years.
4404 fishermen have been repatriated, accounting for 42.54% of all fishermen involved.
Among the 4404 people who have been recaptured, 4267 people have been employed, accounting for 96.89% of the fishermen who have been recaptured.
Endowment insurance coverage covers 2,691 people, accounting for 61.10% of fishermen returning from fishing.
In the next step, Chongqing will carry out various special rectification actions, accelerate the clean-up and rectification of the shoreline utilization projects of the Yangtze River, complete a new round of census of sewage outlets into the Yangtze River and carry out corresponding rectification actions, basically complete the "three phosphorus" (referring to phosphate rock, phosphate chemical and phosphogypsum reservoirs) rectification tasks, small hydropower clean-up and rectification.
Israel strengthens repeated prevention and control of epidemic - Xinhua English.news.cn
2020-07-26 04:56:44 Source: Guangming Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Responsible Editor: Wang Sishuo
Israel steps up containment of coronavirus
At the beginning of the outbreak of the new crown pneumonia epidemic, Israel's prevention and control measures have been effective.
However, with the gradual lifting of prevention and control measures, the number of confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia in Israel has recently increased significantly, and the Israeli government has repeatedly taken emergency measures to strengthen the prevention and control of the epidemic.
On February 28, the first case of new coronary pneumonia was confirmed in Israel, which quickly adopted the closure of all ports of entry and exit, the suspension of non-essential industries, the change of schools to online teaching, the restriction of public transportation and non-essential social activities, the blockade of severely affected cities, and the joint maintenance of prevention and control measures by the military and police.
This series of measures quickly achieved positive results, and by mid-May, the number of new confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia in Israel fell back to single digits in a single day.
With the epidemic under control, Israel's prevention and control measures have been fully lifted, and the number of new confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia has gradually rebounded since June.
Especially after entering July, the spread of the epidemic has accelerated.
In recent days, Israel has reported more than 1,500 new cases per day for eight days, and as of press time on July 25, the number of new cases on the same day reached 916.
As of July 25, Israel has 59,745 confirmed cases and 448 deaths.
In the face of the rapid rebound of the epidemic, the Israeli government has repeatedly taken emergency measures to strengthen the prevention and control of the epidemic.
On July 6, after the number of confirmed cases exceeded 30,000, the Israeli government closed public entertainment venues such as gyms, swimming pools, bars, nightclubs, and introduced a policy to restrict public transportation, stipulating that each bus can carry no more than 20 passengers.
On the 17th, the government announced a series of new restrictions, including the implementation of the "closed city" on weekends, stipulating that the "closed city" would be implemented from 17:00 every Friday to 5 o'clock every Sunday.
During this period, people can go out, but places such as shops, shopping malls, barber shops, beauty salons, libraries, zoos, museums, exhibition halls, swimming pools and tourist attractions will be closed, while essential services such as supermarkets and pharmacies will remain open.
Gatherings of more than 10 people will be banned on all days and hours, gyms, studios and other venues will be closed, and restaurants and cafes will be banned from dine-in and only takeaway services will be allowed.
At the same time, the Israeli people did not pay enough attention to the seriousness of the epidemic and failed to form a synergy with the government in fighting the epidemic.
After the outbreak of the epidemic in Israel, many people took to the streets to protest against the government's prevention and control measures affecting their own economic interests.
On July 11, tens of thousands of people held a demonstration in Tel Aviv, arguing that the anti-epidemic policy was affecting the economy.
On the evening of the 21st, thousands of protesters gathered in front of Prime Minister Netanyahu's residence in Jerusalem to protest against the prevention and control measures issued by Prime Minister Netanyahu, such as banning restaurants and cafes without corresponding compensation.
In addition, many people do not abide by the rules of wearing masks and maintaining a social distance of two meters when outdoor activities, in order to avoid being fined by the police for not wearing a mask, many people only wear masks on their chins or on their wrists.
During the repeated epidemic, the school is the hardest-hit area for the spread of the new crown virus, and according to the reporter's recent visit to the kindergarten here, it was found that the teachers and students of the kindergarten did not wear masks as required by the government, nor did they maintain a safe social distance of two meters from each other, laying a hidden danger for a large number of teachers and students infected with the virus.
Professor Eli Waxman, a member of the National Security Council's expert advisory panel on the epidemic, believes that Israel is heading for a "dangerous situation", pointing out that Israel's current epidemic prevention and control measures are not enough, and all leisure, recreational activities and summer schools should be closed to control the further spread of the epidemic.
Waksman said that Israel lacks a master plan to fight the epidemic, and the parliament and government departments should abandon their respective interests as soon as possible, reach an agreement on the fight against the epidemic, and formulate clear steps including relevant restrictions in different sectors.
Tel Aviv, July 25 (Xinhua)
Wu Fengfang, a farmer in Guyuan, Ningxia, could not beat his wife Dai Tianfu. The two sat in a car and rushed to the Liangyun Cultural Compound from their home 20 miles away.
Despite the inconvenience in the past two years, Dai Tianfu, 77, still counts on "come here every three fork five and have a trick addiction".
This is an inconspicuous courtyard in Yuanzhou District, Guyuan City. Unlike ordinary farmhouses, the melodious Qin Opera is often heard in the yard, as well as wonderful shadow plays, embroidery works, traditional Qin Opera, Meihu Opera and so on.
The owner of the compound, Liang Yun, was a carpenter.
More than 10 years ago, he loved shadow puppets and singing, and he began to plan to build a cultural compound.
With the Liangyun Cultural Compound, the cultural life of the villagers has become rich and colorful.
The reporter has not yet entered the Liangyun Cultural Compound, and the tunes of the Qin Opera have been passed out.
For the villagers singing Qin Opera selections is the neighboring village of Bai Lixiang.
She has loved Qin Opera since childhood, and now she is well-known in the local area. As long as she has free time, she will come to the cultural compound to perform programs for the villagers.
Recently, she has also been playing live webcasts.
“It’s a blessing to have a stage where more people can see me performing,” she said.
On stage, the singers are one-of-a-kind, the players are one by one, although they are amateurs, but their enthusiasm is not diminished.
Just like the rustic style of the farmhouse, in addition to the Qin Opera, the "grassroots" art and intangible cultural heritage in the Liangyun Cultural Court are coming.
The compound also collects more than 300 pieces of agricultural utensils of different ages, traditional and handmade tile sculptures, paper-cuts, embroidery, shadow play and other physical objects.
Liang Yun led reporters into the exhibition hall in the courtyard, which showed his old collection of objects, old jugs, sanxianzi, spinning wheels and so on.
Why did an ordinary farmer build a cultural compound?
“Shadow puppetry is my family’s craft, and I’ve been learning it since I was 15.”
Liangyun Culture Courtyard was established in 2012 and became the first rural "intangible cultural heritage exhibition hall" in Ningxia.
In addition to Liangyun Cultural Courtyard, more than 120 cultural courtyards and 79 folk performance groups have emerged in Yuanzhou District of Guyuan City. Among them, there are more than 50 cultural courtyards of a certain scale, such as Shenjiahe Cultural Courtyard, Wang Yonghong Cultural Courtyard, Yanglang Cultural Courtyard, etc., covering all towns and streets of Yuanzhou District, with more than 5,000 performers.
These grassroots artists are active in the fields, enriching the cultural life of the masses and meeting their spiritual needs.
“As life gets better and better, traditional culture can’t just be left behind.”
"Liu's spy war drama" returns again "Winning Odds" to see Liu Yunlong and Li Liqun's opponent "Breaking Play" - Xinhua English.news.cn
The 40-episode spy drama "The Odds" will be launched on Beijing Satellite TV on July 16.
Odds of Victory is based on true historical facts and is based on years of dusty, first-ever Soviet military archives.
Liu Yunlong, an actor well known to the audience as a "spy war drama", broke through the image in the play and challenged a "stuttering agent" with a sense of joy.
In recent years, the popularity of dramas such as "The Pretender", "Mask" and "Kite" have proved that the spy war type drama has strong vitality.
Unlike previous espionage works, "Winning Odds" looks at the world and extends the story background to the Soviet Far East battlefield.
Set in the final stage of the Anti-Japanese War in 1944, it tells the story of Tang Fei (Liu Yunlong), a secret intelligence worker of the Chinese Communist Party, who, under the leadership of the secretary of the Linhe Provincial Party Committee of the Chinese underground party and the director of the Soviet Far East Intelligence Bureau, executes the "Mudan Ula" strategic operation of the Soviet Far East Intelligence Bureau.
Many spy war dramas, the actor as a senior spy, an appearance is handsome, high IQ, mature perfect image.
But in Liu Yunlong's view, such a person is not suitable for being a spy. "Spy should be the kind of person who can't be found in the pile of people. If you come out, you are the kind of very handsome image. I can't wait for everyone to pay attention to you. Can you hide? There is a line in "Kite", 'If you don't come to catch me, I forget that I am a Kuomintang.'
Therefore, in "Winning Odds", Liu Yunlong ingeniously designed his protagonist, Tang Fei, as a "stuttering agent" with a sense of joy.
The other camp in "Winning Odds" is supported by the Japanese Fukuhara played by Liang Guanhua and the police chief Fang Shibao played by Li Liqun.
One South and one North two strong play bones, added a lot of masters to the whole drama.
Director Yin Fei used the word “Biao Xi” to describe the opposite play between Li Liqun and Liu Yunlong in the play. “It is definitely a drama. The two of them have a special tacit understanding. The tacit understanding between them is very impactful to me. Many times their plays are ‘currently hung’. For example, we only wrote the length of half a page.
When the actors are in the role and ensure their character status, they can not only shape the role from the character's point of view, but also bring more possibilities to the audience. Yin Fei said that such a play is enough.
In the play, you can also see many familiar faces in Liu's spy war drama. The famous and majestic "mountain city F4" in "Kite" also gathered three in "Odds of Success".
Hou Yu and Liu Mingyang, who played Song Xiaoan and Zhao Jianzhi, once again played Tang Fei's right-hand man.
Director Yin Fei said, "These two people have no inferiority, they just drifted with the tide in that era and that environment."
Liu Yunlong also took the initiative, "We need to have a human touch. This human touch means that there must be good and bad people around me. The bad people are the enemy, but we must also develop them, and our team must grow."
The ending of the two people in the play is also carefully designed by Liu Yunlong, and he believes that he will give the audience a satisfactory answer.
(Reporter Qiu Wei)
4 students drowned in Arong Banner, Inner Mongolia Official: the incident sounded the alarm jqknews
China News Service, Hulunbuir, July 26 (Reporter Li Aiping) On the evening of the 25th, the reporter learned from the government of Arong Banner, Hulunbuir City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, that four local students died of drowning.
At 15:50 on July 24, Arong Banner Public Security Bureau 110 received a report that six local junior high school students drowning.
After receiving the alarm, local police rushed to the scene for the first time and rescued two students on the spot.
According to reports, more than 80 people including public security police, forest police, firefighting and medical personnel were dispatched to the rescue site, and three rubber boats were dispatched to continuously salvage the surrounding waters, and a professional rescue team was hired to arrive at the scene and conduct underwater search through sonar detection.
The reporter learned that local rescuers found the first student at 6:40 on July 25, the second student at 11:30 on the 25th, the third student at 12:40 on the 25th, and the last student at 13:34 on the 25th.
Officials said the incident was a wake-up call.
At present, the relevant departments of the local government are collating some knowledge of drowning prevention, hoping that the tragedy will not happen again.
HONG KONG, July 25 (Xinhua) -- The Secretary for Financial Services and the Treasury of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (HKSAR), Mr Hui Ching-yu, said that Hong Kong's financial market remained active and operated in an orderly manner.
He expressed optimism about Hong Kong's financial stability and economy.
Xu Zhengyu said at a webinar co-organized by the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office in Toronto and the Hong Kong-Canada Chamber of Commerce (Canada Federation) on the 24th (Toronto time) that Hong Kong is going through a difficult situation because of the "revision storm" and the new crown pneumonia epidemic.
The Hong Kong dollar exchange rate is stable and biased towards the strong-side convertibility guarantee level.
There are no clear signs of outflows from the banking system, instead, more than $11 billion has flowed in since June.
Total bank deposits have also continued to increase over the past few months, and there has been a flurry of public offerings in the stock market, with market turnover rising on a regular basis.
Hui said the COVID-19 pandemic has put pressure on the global economy and financial markets, but Hong Kong’s fundamental strengths remain intact.
Hong Kong's many advantages, including geography, the rule of law, high-speed communications, free flow of information and capital, and a simple and low tax system, continue to make Hong Kong a leading international financial centre.
Hui pointed out that the HKSAR Government has set aside HK$6 billion in the Anti-epidemic Fund to create about 30,000 time-limited jobs in the public and private sectors in the next two years, covering people with different skills and academic qualifications.
To support the development of fintech, the HKSAR Government has also launched the “Thousand Talents Programme” to subsidise local fintech companies, start-ups and other enterprises with fintech-related businesses to create 1,000 new jobs, recruit local talents and enrich Hong Kong’s fintech talent pool.
Looking ahead, Mr Hui expressed optimism about Hong Kong's financial stability and economy.
He encouraged Canadian companies to leverage on Hong Kong’s strengths and its status as an international financial centre, international asset and wealth management centre and global offshore RMB business hub to develop and invest in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area and nearby regions.
The Lancet praises China's anti-epidemic efforts and encourages countries to learn from experience - Xinhua English.news.cn
The Lancet magazine published an article on the 25th that China, as a country with a population of 1.4 billion and a size similar to that of Europe or the United States, has effectively controlled the new crown epidemic at this stage, and there has been no further large-scale transmission, which has largely controlled the domestic epidemic.
China has invested heavily in domestic research and public health for more than a decade, making China much better prepared for the new crown than it was for severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS).
The authors say that when the SARS outbreak occurred in 2002, China was initially ill-prepared, especially since the pathogen could not be identified.
When the new coronavirus was discovered in December 2019, Chinese scientists were soon able to identify the virus species and shared the genome sequencing data internationally on January 11, 2020.
By the end of January, doctors from mainland China and Hong Kong had elucidated the clinical features of the virus, warning the world of the threat of the coronavirus through research papers published in The Lancet.
China has also been at the forefront of vaccine research. Such research has been carried out very quickly and rigorously through close cooperation at home under the state of emergency. In May and July, the results of the progress of early trials of the new crown vaccine developed in China were published in The Lancet.
China's experience shows that it is important to invest in national health and research systems to effectively improve laboratory capacity.
This is the basis for a rapid and effective national response to health emergencies and global health security.
Other countries, especially low- and middle-income countries, are worth learning from and learning from.
In addition, China’s experience proves that, on the basis of strong research, it is necessary to have a strong high-level and decisive decision-making based on scientific evidence, so that the new crown epidemic can be effectively controlled.
The article emphasizes that governments and their leaders must respect science, understand the value of science, and act on it in the best way for society.
In the early stages of the outbreak, China’s National Health and Construction Commission sent three teams of infectious disease experts to Wuhan to investigate the risk and spread of the new coronavirus. Their recommendations provided the basis for Wuhan’s decision to “lock down the city” on January 23. When experts raised the necessity and urgency of building a shelter hospital, the government quickly made a decision and quickly implemented it; at the same time, the extensive participation of the community and the masses also led to the epidemic being controlled quickly and effectively.
The article concludes by emphasizing that countries need to strengthen global cooperation and joint response in response to global health emergencies.
Headquarters reporter Yang Hong
Bai Jinhai, former inspector of Wuhai Municipal Committee of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, was expelled from the party.
China News Service, July 26, according to the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Commission for Discipline Inspection and Supervision: Recently, with the approval of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Party Committee, the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Commission for Discipline Inspection and the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Commission for Discipline Inspection investigated the serious violations of discipline and law by Bai Jinhai, the former inspector of the Wuhai Municipal Party Committee.
After investigation, Bai Jinhai, as a party member and leading cadre, lost his ideals and beliefs, blatantly violated the party spirit and principles for his own personal interests, and confronted the inspection and rectification; the organizational concept was indifferent, and he arranged transfer work for others in violation of regulations and accepted other people's property in the selection and appointment of cadres.
Bai Jinhai seriously violated political discipline, organizational discipline, honesty discipline, and life discipline, constituted a violation of duty and was suspected of accepting bribes and embezzlement, and did not converge or stop after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China.
According to the "Regulations on Disciplinary Punishment of the Communist Party of China" and the "Supervision Law of the People's Republic of China" and other relevant provisions, after deliberation of the Standing Committee of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Commission for Discipline Inspection and approval of the Party Committee of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, it was decided to give Bai Jinhai a sanction of expulsion from the party and adjust the treatment according to regulations;
On the afternoon of the 25th local time, a small plane crashed into the top floor of a multi-storey residential building in Wesel, North Rhine-Westphalia, killing three people.
The Duisburg prosecution, the Wesel County Police Department and the Wesel City Fire Department said in a joint statement on the evening of the same day that a two-seater small plane crashed into the attic of a multi-storey residential building on Faberskamp Street in Wesel County at about 14:40, killing three people.
It took off from the city of Mull in the Ruhr district of North Rhine-Westphalia on the same day, stopped at the airport in Wesel County, took off again, and then crashed into a residential building.
The identity of the deceased may be a female resident in the house that was hit and two passengers on the small plane.
A two-year-old child was rescued with only minor injuries.
The rest of the occupants of the house were not injured in the accident.
Footage from the scene showed smoke billowing out of the house, and firefighters extinguished the blaze.
The cause of the plane crash is currently unknown.
The Rheinische Post quoted police as saying there were clues that the plane might have disintegrated before it hit the residential building.
Police said several parts of the plane were found near the crash site.
Interpol is working with Duisburg prosecutors and the German Federal Aviation Accident Investigation Agency to investigate the cause of the accident.
The reporter learned from the Chinese Consulate General in Dusseldorf on the same day that the Embassy contacted the local police and fire department. According to the scene, there were no Chinese citizens among the casualties.
Singapore's Ministry of Health (MOH) announced on the 26th that as of 12 o'clock on the same day, Singapore's new crown confirmed 481 cases, a total of 50,369 confirmed cases and a total of 27 deaths.
Of the new confirmed cases, five are local community cases, four are imported cases, and the rest are foreign workers living in dedicated dormitories.
Singapore's Ministry of Health said 98% of the new confirmed cases are linked to known infections.
There are still 173 COVID-19 patients being treated in hospitals, most of whom are in stable or improving condition and none are in intensive care.
In addition, 4,648 people are quarantined in community facilities.
Foreign workers make up the vast majority of Singapore’s COVID-19 cases.
According to statistics, there are 200,000 foreign workers in Singapore living in 43 foreign worker-only dormitories, and about 100,000 foreign workers live in other types of dormitories.
Singapore’s inter-departmental task force on COVID-19 said the government is stepping up testing for the last few dormitories for foreign workers with high rates of new crown infections.
The vast majority of foreign workers will be able to return to work after testing in all purpose-built dormitories, but they will still have to undergo regular COVID-19 testing.
Dapeng's 'Lucky Wishes' nominated for Golden Goblet Award - Xinhua English.news.cn
On July 18, the 23rd Shanghai International Film Festival announced the official list of films selected for the Golden Goblet Awards.
Dapeng's first realistic film "Auspicious Ruyi" was successfully nominated for the Golden Goblet Award of this year's Shanghai Film Festival. At the same time, the film officially released the first poster.
Poster
The film "Lucky Ruyi" is Dapeng's first realistic theme work, and it is also his second association with the Golden Goblet Award.
The film tells the story of a comedy director who returns to his hometown in the northeast rural area on a whim, hoping to make a literary movie about how the family will celebrate the New Year. As a result, he encounters a series of accidents.
The family members gathered for the filming finished the final party.
In the movie poster released today, Wang Jixiang, a member of the family, is sitting in the center of the frame smoking a cigarette against the background of the black land of the northeast dressed in silver, and in the foreground is the red lantern that Chinese people always hang on New Year's Day.
The red lantern symbolizing joy and reunion forms a huge contrast with the lonely Wang Jixiang, which seems to reveal the complexity and entanglement of this big family relationship.
It is reported that in the film, in addition to the daughter of "three uncle" Wang Jixiang, played by actor Liu Lu, the rest of the scenes are completed by the real director's family. The experimental audio-visual style of the film breaks the boundary between drama and reality and brings the audience a new immersive viewing experience.
According to director Dapeng, the creation of "Auspicious Ruyi" originated from "a providence". During the shooting, a series of sudden changes in the family caused the original shooting plan to have to be changed. Life without a script was eventually recorded into a movie, but it released the tension beyond the design.
How does director Dapeng face this "destiny", and how can he continue to meet the changes brought about by this providence?
There is no doubt that “Good Luck” is full of experimentation. The almost all-amateur lineup and innovative audiovisual style turn life in front of the camera into a movie. Under the wrapping of real images, the audience will also find themselves and their families from the family presented in the film. The shadow, with the end of the family party in the film, evoke a series of reflections.
NEWS.GOV.MO: Statistics of Novel Coronavirus Infection Response and Coordination Centre Enquiry Hotline (25 July 08H00 - 26 July 08H00)
From 08H00 on 25 July 2020 to 08H00 on 26 July 2020, the enquiry hotline of the Novel Coronavirus Response Coordination Centre received a total of 292 telephone enquiries.
The 291 enquiries on the epidemic have been immediately transferred to representatives of relevant departments for follow-up. The situation is as follows:
271 cases of Health Bureau (Involving: enquiry about isolation; enquiry about nucleic acid testing; enquiry of two places license; health code; others.)
17 cases (involving: enquiries on immigration measures; enquiries on immigration measures for vehicles with Guangdong and Macao licenses; enquiries on Zhuhai government affairs hotline; enquiries on visa stay.)
1 case from MGTO (Involving: Enquiries about quarantined hotels.)
Education and Youth Bureau 1 case (Involving: Enquiry about the methods of Macao students returning to study in the UK.)
Marine and Water Bureau 1 case (Involving: enquiry whether Hong Kong fishing vessels need to declare to the Marine and Water Bureau and nucleic acid testing related matters when entering Hong Kong.)
Balong Zhuokang sentry, platoon leader Yu Wang and a soldier on duty.
In this place, where the average annual temperature is minus ten degrees, a row of simple barracks stands on the mountain pass. Not far from the barracks, a flag is fluttering in the wind.
Soldiers climb the steep slopes of rubble piles, need to use hands and feet.
It is late July, when the flowers and plants are lush in the low altitude areas, and in Balong Zhuokang, only the ravine behind the barracks has a relatively dense green.
Gao Peng, a soldier who has been stationed at the outpost for six years, pointed to the ravine and said that this was their back garden.
Walking on foot may take about 9 hours.
In the harsh plateau environment, the soldiers stationed here are accompanied by snow-capped mountains and glaciers all year round, and they also regularly patrol higher mountain passes.
A few days ago, the patrol composed of 8 soldiers, under the leadership of the instructor Liang Yixin, once again embarked on the patrol road.
Each soldier weighs about 30 pounds and sets off to the target point early in the morning.
On the way, a soldier countered, and his comrades rushed to the rescue.
In addition to patrol duties, the soldiers at Batang Drokkang sent out daily tactical and physical training.
Time passed by, the altitude was rising, the oxygen content was getting lower and lower, and the physical strength was constantly overdrawn. These factors tested the will of the patrols.
They clenched their teeth and persisted, and they crossed several landslides and crossed several emergency shoals.
At 16 o'clock, it was lunch time for the patrols. They took out their own dry food and sat on the spot at an altitude of more than 5,700 meters, accompanied by sleet, and supplemented their physical strength with food.
Soldiers at Banong Drokkang post tactical and physical training.
During breaks, they play cards together, and losers do push-ups, both for fun and physical exercise.
After a short break in the cold wind, they climbed to the location of the target point of the patrol, took out the national flag on the mountain pass, and solemnly swore.
Behind them is the snow-capped mountains, in front of them is dozens of kilometers of no man's land, they are the safest guardians of the country.
Beijing consumption season restarts - Xinhua English.news.cn
In accordance with the principle of "comprehensive restart, key planning, orderly promotion, and strict organization", Beijing restarted various activities of the Beijing consumption season.
On July 26, 1.5 million government and enterprise consumption vouchers were issued, including 1 million offline catering shopping vouchers and 500,000 smart product vouchers.
Liu Meiying, deputy director of the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Commerce, introduced at a media briefing held on the 25th that the restarted consumption season will further reduce the subsidies for enterprises on the basis of maintaining the existing consumer coupon card package preferential subsidies.
From the beginning of August, the current 1:1 ratio of government and enterprise investment has been adjusted to 2:1. For example, if consumers receive a card package to the store and enjoy a discount of 120 yuan, the government subsidy is 60 yuan and the enterprise profit is 60 yuan. After the adjustment, the government subsidy is 80 yuan and the enterprise profit is 40 yuan.
During the consumption season, the three major operators will subsidize traffic and terminals around 5G consumption to further promote 5G new infrastructure and 5G new consumption in Beijing.
Chen Maobo said that Hong Kong's economy has been hit by the outbreak of the epidemic again.
China News Agency, Hong Kong, July 26 (Xinhua) -- Hong Kong's Financial Secretary, Paul Chan Mo-po, said on the 26th that Hong Kong is facing a new wave of new crown pneumonia epidemics, and business contacts and economic activities that have shown signs of recovery have also been hit.
The SAR Government once again appeals to landlords of all sizes to reduce rents and work with retail tenants, restaurants and SMEs to tide over the difficulties.
Chen Maobo published an article on the Internet entitled "Rugged Road to Recovery".
He said that the recent high number of confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia in Hong Kong, the situation is grim, affecting the social and people's livelihood, but also plagued the economy.
When the epidemic situation recurs, the first priority is to strictly prevent imported cases, and to deal with and interrupt the chain of virus transmission as quickly as possible. When the epidemic situation is under control, economic activities should be resumed accordingly.
He pointed out that in the face of the new wave of epidemics, business contacts and economic activities that were already showing signs of recovery have also been hit.
Apart from the spirit of contract, social responsibility is equally important to the business sector, especially those groups that have received substantial government subsidies under the Employment Protection Scheme.
He mentioned that Hong Kong's economic situation in the second quarter of this year was still very difficult, but the contraction seemed to have slowed slightly.
On the export side, he said that the external situation in Hong Kong remains grim.
Chan said that Hong Kong's development in the past few decades has shown that every crisis hides new opportunities and every difficulty hides the key to future development.
Largest earthquake hits Taiwan's east coast this year - Xinhua English.news.cn
China News Agency, Taipei, July 26 (Xinhua) -- An earthquake measuring 6.1 on the Richter scale struck the eastern waters of Taiwan at 20:52 on the 26th, with a maximum magnitude of 4 and felt throughout Taiwan. It is the largest earthquake in Taiwan this year.
According to Taiwan media reports such as Central News Agency, Zhongshi Electronic News and ETtoday News Cloud, the Taiwan Meteorological Department predicted that the epicenter of the earthquake was located 86.5 kilometers southeast of the Yilan County Government, that is, the eastern waters of Taiwan, with a focal depth of 53 kilometers.
The China Earthquake Networks Network measured the quake at 5.5.
The maximum magnitude of the earthquake was 4 in Hualien County, 3 in Yilan County, Taitung County, Nantou County and Yunlin County.
Taiwan's meteorological department pointed out that the earthquake is the largest earthquake in Taiwan this year. It is a subduction zone earthquake at the junction of the plates. The epicenter has often had earthquakes in the past and has been active this year.
In the coming week, it is still not ruled out that there will be more than 4 magnitude aftershocks.
Marinichev said that the change in value was affected by the depreciation of the ruble and the epidemic.
"Service costs are increasing," he said.
Because of the pandemic, people are starting to spend more time on the internet.”
Marinichev did not rule out a serious rise in internet prices next year, arguing that carriers could offer customers higher speeds and more services to offset people's dissatisfaction with price increases.
'Chinese Doctor' to pay tribute to anti-epidemic heroes
Recently, with the respect of Chinese filmmakers in the fight against the epidemic, Yu Dong, chairman of Bona Film Group, and director Liu Weiqiang (left) held a discussion with academician Zhong Nanshan in Guangzhou on the shooting and production of the anti-epidemic film "Chinese Doctor".
Bona Film hopes to use "Chinese Doctor" to pay tribute to all the medical and epidemic prevention workers fighting on the front line of epidemic prevention and control!
In 2021, the film will be released nationwide as a tribute to the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China.
At present, with the arrangement and deployment of the Central Propaganda Department and the National Film Administration, and with the support of the Guangdong Film Bureau and the Hubei Provincial Film Bureau, Bona Film is organizing the original team of the film "China Captain" to prepare the film "Chinese Doctor", which is a reflection of the strong leadership of the CPC Central Committee.
Focusing on the front line of Wuhan's anti-epidemic, the film will take Wuhan medical staff and medical teams from various provinces and cities as the background of the characters. From the perspective of human nature, using unique narratives and highly impactful lens language, the panorama shows the touching stories of Chinese medical staff who are full of dedication and sacrifice in the anti-epidemic front line.
It is understood that the first time on the day of the unblocking of Wuhan, Bona Company overcame many difficulties, sent a shooting team to the front line of the epidemic, and communicated with hundreds of medical workers face-to-face to understand and collect information.
Academician Zhong Nanshan also put forward expectations and hopes for the filming of the film at this symposium: "I am looking forward to it. I hope that you will not only visit some experts who are more exposed, but also interview more medical staff who are working hard on the front line. They are the majority."
He said that he had seen "Me and My Motherland" and "Captain of China" before, and thought it was good to tell the big picture from the perspective of ordinary people.
"Some foreign friends still have some misunderstandings about China."
When talking about the spread of the film, Academician Zhong Nanshan said that at present, some people in foreign countries like to label the virus as politicized.
Academician Zhong Nanshan also fondly recalled the film "People to Middle Ages" in the 1980s. "After so many years, my deepest impression on the film after the reform and opening up is "People to Middle Ages". At that time, my foreign doctors and friends all cried. If "Chinese Doctor" can play such a role, it will be great. "
Academician Zhong Nanshan said that if "Chinese Doctor" can resonate with foreign audiences, it will be very successful.
At the symposium, Academician Zhong Nanshan also shared his opinions and suggestions on the current international epidemic prevention and control, "I believe that people will always be smarter than the virus."
Academician Zhong Nanshan said that although the virus is difficult to predict, since the primitive society, human beings have survived thousands of difficulties. Nowadays, modern society has developed medical technology and social management measures. In addition, medical personnel and even ordinary people all over the world have a basic understanding of the scientific response to the new crown pneumonia epidemic. People will no longer be as passive as before.
(Reporter Wang Jinyue)
Cultural Tourism "Red Fruit" Gathers in Shaoshan - Xiangtan's First Red Expo
Hunan Daily New Hunan Client Reporter Jiang Rui Correspondent Xiao Yan
On July 25th, the 2020 Hunan Red Tourism Culture Festival opened in Shaoshan.
As one of the main activities, the first Xiangtan Red Cultural Industry Expo was held in the Shaoshan Global Tourism Consulting and Distribution Center.
The exhibition area is full of red cultural and creative products, native products from the old revolutionary base areas, and so on, attracting tourists from all over the world to buy.
"The Red Expo is not only a display of the achievements of the national red cultural industry, but also an important platform for exhibitors and enterprises to exchange experience and explore development paths."
According to the relevant person in charge of the executive committee of the first Xiangtan Red Expo, the theme of this Red Expo is "promoting red culture and boosting cultural tourism". The total exhibition area is nearly 3,000 square meters, and the atmosphere creation area, scenic area exhibition and exhibition area and red cultural tourism online shopping experience area are set up.
Invited to Jiaxing, Zhejiang, Guizhou Zunyi, Shaanxi Yan'an and other eight provinces and cities as well as Changsha, Zhuzhou, Yueyang, Chenzhou and other places in our province 137 enterprises and units to participate in the exhibition, a total of 768 exhibits, including red cultural relics, handicrafts, food specialties, tourist routes, red training courses, red cultural and creative products, etc.
The exhibition area will be on display until July 29.
As the host of the Red Expo, the Xiangtan exhibition area is full of highlights.
According to the person in charge of the exhibition area, the Xiangtan exhibition area is divided into two parts: the development of red industry and the development of red cultural industry.
The red industry exhibition area exhibited 31 exhibits of 6 enterprises such as Valin Xianggang, Valin Cable and Xiangdian Power, and the red cultural industry development exhibition area exhibited nearly 200 products of 27 units such as red series books, red series food, and red series cultural and creative products.
In the Yan'an exhibition area, many tourists are attracted by the cloth pile flower handicrafts and paper-cut artworks on display.
Ma Dongpo, director of the Yan'an Municipal Bureau of Culture and Tourism, introduced that the exhibition has carefully selected excellent red cultural and creative products in Yan'an in the past two years, of which 16 products are outstanding works of national red cultural and creative products in 2019.
At the same time, they invited the inheritors of the national intangible cultural heritage protection project “Ansai Paper-cutting” and “Northern Shaanxi Folk Songs” and the provincial intangible cultural heritage project Yanchuan Budui Painting, focusing on promoting Yan’an folk products, and taking the opportunity to communicate with other exhibition units and enterprises to promote cross-regional cooperation.
Japan's new crown confirmed cases exceed 30,000 - Xinhua English.news.cn
According to statistics, 239 new cases were confirmed in Tokyo on the 26th, with more than 200 new cases in a single day for six consecutive days, with a total of 11,214 cases.
In addition, there were 141 new cases in Osaka Prefecture, 90 new cases in Fukuoka Prefecture, and 80 new cases in Aichi Prefecture.
In the first half of the year, telecom network fraud crimes increased by 70%.
China News Service, July 26 (Xinhua) According to the website of the Supreme People's Procuratorate, in the first half of this year, the national procuratorate prosecuted 58,101 people for fraud, an increase of 35% year-on-year.
In particular, among the crimes of obstructing epidemic prevention and control, fraud crimes are frequent, and the number of prosecutors prosecuting fraud crimes accounts for 43.4% of the total number of crimes obstructing epidemic prevention and control.
The Supreme People's Procuratorate has carried out targeted guidance. Among the ten batches of typical cases related to epidemic prevention and control that have been released, a total of nine cases involve fraud.
Judging from the handling of cases by procuratorial organs in the first half of the year, there are many types of fraud crimes, ranging from national macro policies to people's basic necessities, including epidemic fraud, "medical care" fraud, "health care products" fraud, "enrollment agency" fraud, "routine loan" fraud, fraudulent state subsidies fraud, national asset thawing fraud, etc.
In particular, some telecommunications network frauds break through the limitations of national boundaries, regions and personnel, and have the characteristics of stakeholders, cross-border, remote, electronic payment, etc., and there are many unspecific victim groups and great harm.
For example, some set up specialized companies, rent high-end office buildings, set up multiple departments or positions, use legal network platforms to publicize and recruit, train and assess recruiters, adopt enterprise operation mode management, and wear "legal coat", which is more confusing.
It is the duty of the procuratorial organs to punish and prevent crimes in accordance with the law and to issue early warnings to the public and relevant departments in a timely manner.
In judicial case handling, the procuratorial organs conscientiously perform their duties, not only insisting on maintaining a high-pressure situation against fraud crimes, but also detailing various law enforcement measures in a targeted manner, and promoting social governance through the formulation and issuance of procuratorial suggestions.
The procuratorial organs strictly control the facts, evidence, procedures and application of law in the arrest and prosecution of fraud cases, and take the facts as the basis and the law as the criterion.
Especially for telecommunications and network fraud crimes, we should pay attention to the core role of electronic data in fact-finding, and strive to build an evidence chain of mutual corroboration between electronic data, verbal evidence and documentary evidence.
For example, in the case of Yingmou epidemic-related fraud handled by the Yinzhou District Procuratorate of Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province, the procuratorial organ intervened in advance at the first time.
In the process of reviewing arrests and reviewing prosecutions, attention was paid to the prosecution of omissions in cases, 733 people were omitted from arrest by public security organs, and 1,113 accomplices were corrected.
In the first half of the year, procuratorial organs nationwide issued 298 procuratorial recommendations on fraud crimes, promoting joint prevention of fraud crimes and promoting in-depth governance.
For example, in response to the loopholes in the supervision of telecommunications networks by telecommunications enterprises, banks, and intermediary organizations found in handling cases, the Guangzhou Procuratorate of Guangdong Province and the Procuratorate of Dongguan City of Guangdong Province made timely procuratorial suggestions, urging relevant units to strengthen supervision, improve mechanisms, and promote the construction of long-term systems.
The fourth is to do a good job of recovering stolen goods.
Local procuratorial organs seized the important links of intervening in investigation, guiding evidence collection, reviewing and prosecuting, urging investigative organs to actively recover illicit money, cooperate with relevant departments to do a good job in recovering ill-gotten gains and recovering losses, and strive to minimize the economic losses caused by fraud crimes to the people.
For example, in the case of Lin Moumou routine loan handled by the Beijing Procuratorate, the case involved 22 properties waiting to be seized.
The prosecutor reminded everyone to be very vigilant against fraud crimes, do not expect "pie in the sky", and do not think that cheap is gullible and keep your "money bag".
Wena Town, Weining County, Guizhou Province: Dwarf apple trees widen the road to poverty alleviation - Xinhua English.news.cn
2020-07-26 11:42:58 Source: China Economic Net Author: Zhu Yanjing Editor in charge: Zhu Yanjing
In the scorching heat, the Economic Daily-China Economic Net reporter walked into Zhonghai Village, Zhenna Town, Weining County, Guizhou Province.
Under the scorching sun, the villagers Li Yuanzhong weeding in the base, although his face was red, but his mouth hummed a few ditties from time to time.
Weining County, where the town is located, has a certain reputation in the surrounding areas because of its low latitude, high altitude, sufficient light and large temperature difference between day and night. The apples produced are high in sugar content and good in taste. However, because of their small size and many spots, they have not been able to sell a good price and failed to form an industrial scale.
The town used to be a poor township that “wrote the spring and autumn of the valley and potato”. The local poverty incidence rate was as high as 25.8% 10 years ago.
In the critical period when poverty alleviation enters the decisive battle, it is urgent to change the traditional planting habits, adjust the industrial structure, and increase the income of farmers.
Chen Chao, secretary of the party committee of the town, and a group of people in the town after many visits believe that industrial development can no longer take the old road.
To this end, the town introduced leading enterprises, planting apples in a modern way.
Hou Jianwen, deputy general manager of Weining Chaoyue Agriculture Co., Ltd., came from Shaanxi Province in 2015 to investigate the local planting conditions. He began to plant apple trees in the local area in 2016.
At first, the village mobilized Li Yuanzhong to transfer the land to plant apple trees. Li Yuanzhong and his wife murmured in their hearts: "I have planted apples for so many years, and I have not seen anyone in the village who grows apples and makes a fortune."
"All the apples are dwarf apples and don't let the apple trees grow too tall."
What Li Yuanzhong did not expect was that a new method was adopted for apple planting this time. Irrigation pipes were laid under each apple tree, water and fertilizer were poured into the roots, and when the fruit was harvested in the autumn, the tractor directly drove into the orchard and stood to pick the fruit.
At present, the apple base has gradually entered the high-yield period, and the market is as expected by Hou Jianwen. Apple is not worried about selling, and is loved by consumers in Beijing, Shanghai, Guangzhou and other cities.
The growing apple industry has brought new changes to Li Yuanzhong's life. Although he is still farming, he has a new source of income.
Li Yuanzhong's family has more than 9 mu of land transferred to the Apple base. In addition to the guaranteed land transfer fee every year, there are profit dividends after fruit bearing. The couple usually work in the base. "One person can get 80 yuan a day, and there is work all the year round."
Li Yuanzhong told reporters that last year's profit dividends were more than 2,800 yuan, plus the land transfer fee and the husband and wife's labor income, a family income of more than 80,000 yuan, "no worries about food and clothing, and a well-off life has passed."
"At present, it has achieved initial results. The annual output value of 1 mu of apples exceeds 15,000 yuan, which is about 10 times that of corn."
Chen Chao told reporters that 20,000 mu of apples are currently planted in the town, and there are 6,000 mu in Zhonghai Village alone, covering 4,056 households and 17,200 people, including 656 registered poverty-stricken households and 2,952 people.
Li Yuanzhong, who has gradually bulged his pockets, has also begun to realize his "wish".
This year's Lunar New Year, Li Yuanzhong bought an off-road vehicle and now drives a car to work every day. "There are still more than ten acres of land in the family. When the Apple base expands in the next step, all of it will be transferred to them, and the income will be more."
Economic Daily-China Economic Net reporter Wu Bingze Niu Jin Wang Xinwei
Membrane separation technology helps crack the "greenhouse effect"
Membrane separation technology helps solve the "greenhouse effect"
Schematic diagram of the preparation technology of a new mixed matrix membrane.
Recently, the Atmospheric Environment and Bioenergy Team of Tianjin University has made significant progress in the "capture of carbon dioxide by membrane separation method" and successfully developed a new mixed matrix membrane preparation technology, which greatly improves the carbon dioxide capture performance of membrane materials.
The results have been published as a cover article in the international journal Greenhouse Gases: Science and Technology.
The "greenhouse effect" is a major environmental problem that plagues human development, and carbon dioxide emissions are the culprit causing the "greenhouse effect".
How to efficiently capture and use carbon dioxide emitted by humans is the focus of scientists.
"Membrane separation method" is an emerging carbon dioxide capture technology, which separates carbon dioxide gas with the help of membrane materials, and has the characteristics of high efficiency, energy saving and simple operation.
How to let the membrane material "breathe deeply" and improve the gas separation efficiency is the bottleneck and difficulty of using the membrane separation method to capture carbon dioxide.
The scientific research team of Tianjin University has innovated ideas and explored the effects of different solvents on the gas separation performance of membranes through repeated experiments.
The experimental results show that using N-methylpyrrolidone as the preparation solvent, the carbon nanotubes in the membrane material are more uniformly distributed and "more breathable", which effectively improves the gas separation efficiency and rate of the membrane material.
The mixed matrix membrane prepared by this new technology has a carbon dioxide separation performance close to the theoretical upper limit of the current separation of such membrane materials.
"The new technology provides a new idea for the capture of carbon dioxide by membrane separation."
Li Run, a member of the Atmospheric Environment and Bioenergy Team at Tianjin University, said: "We hope that this technology can provide strong support for the treatment of flue gas in coal-fired power plants and chemical companies in the future, and play a significant role in controlling greenhouse gas emissions."
Before volunteering, understand what is a professional level difference
2020-07-27 02:22:36 Source: Chongqing Morning News Author: Yu Xiao Responsible editor: Yu Xiao
Before volunteering, understand what is professional grade difference
Every year to fill in the college entrance examination volunteer, there are students or parents because they do not understand the terms involved in the volunteer report, which affects the volunteer report.
This year, Beijing Jiaotong University, Beijing University of Science and Technology, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Beijing Forestry University and Beijing University of Chemical Technology jointly issued the 2020 enrollment policy to cancel the professional grade difference.
What does professional grade mean and what is its significance in volunteering?
There are three types of professional assignment rules
Experts remind that before filling out the volunteer, be sure to read the "enrollment charter" of your favorite school to understand the admission rules of colleges and universities, including the proportion of files, professional distribution rules, etc.
The professional allocation rules refer to the three ways of professional priority, score priority, and professional grade difference for professional admission.
Which method is used by the university will be specified in the Admissions Regulations.
However, there are also some colleges and universities whose admission principle is that the total score is preferred, and there is no grade difference between majors.
That is to say, the candidates within the admission range are lined up according to the total score. When the score does not reach the first professional voluntary admission score line, it is seen whether the second professional voluntary admission score line is reached, and so on until the last professional volunteer is admitted. There is no level difference between the professional volunteers.
The so-called "professional grade difference" is when the college arranges the candidate's major, according to one or several score values announced in the enrollment charter to determine the admission major of different professional volunteer candidates. This score value is the "professional grade difference".
That is, the difference between the scores of colleges and universities in the admission of candidates' first professional volunteers and non-first professional volunteers, and the difference between professional volunteers, such as 3 points, 2 points, 1 points and so on.
For example.
Assume that the student Xiao Ming applied for A college and scored 560 points. His professional volunteers are: computer, international trade, automation, mechanical engineering, and electronic commerce. The professional admission of A college adopts the method of professional grade difference. The grade difference is 2 points, 1 point, 1 point, 0 points.
When making the professional assignment, if Xiao Ming's first major meets the professional admission requirements and the major has a planned balance, then Xiao Ming is admitted to the "computer" major; if the computer is not admitted, his score will be subtracted by 2 points, according to the 558 scores of the first major.
Different universities have different professional grades
With the popularity of parallel volunteering, many colleges and universities have now canceled the professional grade difference, but some colleges and universities still retain this method this year.
For example, Sichuan Agricultural University, Shandong University of Science and Technology, Heilongjiang University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Jiangsu University of Science and Technology, Jiangxi Normal University, Chengdu Medical College, Northeast Electric Power University, Jimei University, Nanjing Medical University, Nanjing University of Technology, Ningxia University, Shandong University of Technology, China Civil Aviation Flight College and so on.
In these colleges, each university has a different level of specialization.
Some colleges and universities have a grade difference in each major, such as Ningxia University, and the files have been sent to the candidates of the school.
Some universities have different grades for different majors.
For example, in Jimei University, the total score of the professional volunteer grade is 4 points, that is, the grade difference between the first professional volunteer and other professional volunteers is 3 points, and there is no grade difference between other professional volunteers, which is regarded as parallel volunteers.
When filling in the voluntary application, candidates and parents must carefully read the admission policy of the school they are applying for to see if there is a professional grade difference and what the form of the grade difference is.
Chongqing Morning News upstream news reporter Lin Qi
First Atlantic hurricane of the year makes landfall in hard-hit Texas
The National Hurricane Center announced that Hurricane Hannah had reached 145 km/h this morning and is expected to bring heavy rain to southern Texas and northeastern Mexico until Monday.
At present, with the gradual advance to the land, the custom has been weakened, despite the local power outage, but there is no casualty statistics for the time being.
Some local officials in Texas are preparing for a tornado that is likely to appear along the coast.
President Donald Trump tweeted that his office is closely monitoring Hurricane Hannah and Hurricane Douglas in Hawaii and urged the public to listen to local government emergency management information to protect families and property.
At the same time, the new crown epidemic in Texas is also rapidly worsening, with the number of infections soaring, with more than 390,000 confirmed cases and more than 5,000 deaths.
With the hurricane, the government will face the double challenge of containing the homeless and preventing the epidemic from worsening.
The first special committee was established and the "long-term contract" was collectively signed. The third CIIE Exhibitor Alliance builds the "Imbo Link" - Xinhua English.news.cn
The first meeting of the Exhibitor Alliance of the 3rd China International Import Expo was filmed in Shanghai on July 26.
Xinhua News Agency, Shanghai, July 26 (Reporter Zhou Rui) On July 26, the Exhibitor Alliance of the Third China Import Expo established its first professional committee here. The first batch of special committees included the Public Health and Epidemic Prevention Committee and the Dairy Special Committee. 35 member enterprises also signed a three-year long-term exhibition cooperation memorandum.
At the first meeting of the 3rd CIIE Exhibitor Alliance held here on the 26th, a group of member companies such as Hyundai, Dow Chemical of the United States, Shiseido of Japan, New Zealand New Zealand, Siemens of Germany, Michelin of France, and AstraZeneca of the United Kingdom signed a three-year long-term exhibition cooperation memorandum.
The inauguration ceremony of the Dairy Professional Committee was filmed in Shanghai on July 26.
According to the latest charter, the exhibition alliance will introduce the rotation mechanism of the lead unit to strengthen the function of the special committee.
The committee will make recommendations for the analysis of industry development trends and promote the sustainable development of the industry.
At the same time, the whole industry chain resources of the industry will be integrated, and the related enterprises will be driven to participate in the exhibition, and the CIIE will become a gathering highland for industry enterprises.
The establishment of a special committee on public health and epidemic prevention for the first time is particularly important in the current fight against the new crown pneumonia epidemic.
Qiu Jianping, general manager of Abbott Rapid Diagnostics Greater China, said that Abbott will work with more industry partners to explore new solutions and cooperation models to help China and the world fight the new crown pneumonia epidemic.
The inauguration ceremony of the Public Health and Epidemic Prevention Committee in Shanghai, China, July 26, 2018.
It is reported that the third CIIE has set up a special area for public health and epidemic prevention for the first time. Up to now, nearly 50 global enterprises have signed up to participate in the exhibition, with an exhibition area of more than 10,000 square meters.
During the first CIIE in 2018, the Exhibitor Alliance was established on the initiative of exhibitors. It aims to become a platform for high-quality exhibitors to exchange and cooperate, a platform for information and resource sharing between exhibitors, and a think-tank platform for promoting economic and trade exchanges and development between China and other countries (regions).
Up to now, 142 companies have joined the Exhibitor Alliance, covering 23 countries and regions around the world.
3-year-old Belgian girl dies from coronavirus - Xinhua English.news.cn
A three-year-old girl has died from the new coronavirus, Belgium's health ministry said on Tuesday, making her the country's youngest person to die from the disease.
Belgian health department spokesman Budwin Carter said that the girl had other serious illnesses before contracting the new coronavirus, and that in addition to the girl, an 18-year-old young man recently died of the new coronavirus infection.
Katri said 85 per cent of new coronavirus cases in Belgium last week were under the age of 60.
He reminded healthy, young people not to take it lightly.
"While it is rare for young people to die from COVID-19, no one is immune now."
Last week, Belgium saw an 89% increase in new coronavirus cases compared to the previous week, with an average of 2.9 deaths per day, up from 1.7 the previous week.
During the peak of the epidemic in Europe, the proportion of new coronavirus infections in the Belgian population was among the highest in Europe.
Belgium has more than 11 million people.
According to the latest figures, 64,847 people have been infected with the coronavirus in Belgium.
Carter warned earlier this week that people must act before the snowball grows bigger and bigger and eventually causes an "avalanche".
Belgian Prime Minister Sophie Vermes announced on Wednesday that the rules on people wearing masks in public places will be tightened and plans to further lift restrictions in August will be suspended.
(Guo Qian) [Xinhua News Agency micro feature]
1 new case of asymptomatic infection imported from abroad in Jiangsu
China News Service, July 26 (Xinhua) According to the official Weibo news of the Jiangsu Provincial Health and Health Commission, there were no new confirmed cases in Jiangsu from 0-24:00 on July 25.
As of 24:00 on July 25, a total of 655 confirmed cases have been reported in the province (including 24 imported from abroad).
One new case of asymptomatic infection imported from abroad.
As of 24:00 on July 25, 4 cases of asymptomatic infection under centralized isolation and medical management were imported from abroad.
At present, 14,084 close contacts of confirmed cases and asymptomatic infections have been tracked in the province, 13,943 have been released from medical observation, and 141 are still under medical observation.
[Editor: Chen Haifeng]
HONG KONG, July 25 (Xinhua) -- The Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government, Mr Yau Teng-wah, said on the 25th that all APEC member economies should act in concert to fight the epidemic and promote economic recovery, and should avoid the establishment of unnecessary trade barriers in accordance with their rights and obligations under the World Trade Organization.
Yau made the remarks while attending the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) video conference of trade ministers on the fight against the new crown pneumonia epidemic on the 25th.
At the meeting, the ministers exchanged views on the substantive measures APEC can take to cope with the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic and promote economic recovery in the region.
Yau Tenghua said that the public health and economic crisis triggered by the epidemic has had an unprecedented and far-reaching impact on society and the economy.
"We are in a double battle, we must defeat the epidemic before we can save the economy.
We need to be clear, the virus is our common enemy, and cooperation can win, otherwise we will only lose."
Yau said the series of trade restrictions triggered by the new crown pneumonia epidemic will not help control the epidemic.
Trade is the key solution to the current problems and should not be seen as the problem.
He condemned all discriminatory and divisive policy measures and urged all economies to keep their borders open at this critical time, maintain the smooth operation of supply chains, and avoid building trade barriers or adopting irrational trade policies.
Florida confirms 414,000 new crown cases, becoming the second-worst state in the United States - Xinhua English.news.cn
According to the website of Johns Hopkins University in the United States, as of 8:34 on the 26th, Beijing time, Florida reported more than 414,000 new crown confirmed cases, surpassing New York State's 411,000, becoming the second largest "epidemic area" in the United States after California.
The state of Florida reported 124 deaths on Tuesday, the Florida Department of Health said.
This is the tenth time the daily death toll in Florida has surpassed 100 since the pandemic began.
The total number of cases in Miami-Dade County, the hardest-hit state in Florida, has surpassed 100,000.
Florida currently has 8,974 COVID-19 hospitalizations, including 1,874 in Miami-Dade.
The state has seen a 79% increase in COVID-19 hospitalizations since July 4.
Since the first U.S. state reopened on April 24, 91,000 lives have been claimed by COVID-19.
According to data provided by Johns Hopkins University, the total number of confirmed cases in the United States has reached 4.176 million, with at least 146,000 deaths.
Chengdu people gather around the US consulate, police stop people from 'looking too happy'
In response to the U.S. closing of the Chinese consulate in Houston, China announced the closure of the U.S. consulate in Chengdu on Friday.
On Saturday, the consulate’s badge was removed, and on Sunday, a dark-glass car drove away from the consulate amid the boos of passers-by.
On Sunday, many Chengdu people gathered in front of the US consulate to take pictures, and those who had not been there came to see it because of their curiosity.
AFP reporters in Chengdu also visited the US consulate in Chengdu and returned news that there was a constant stream of curious people, and many parents took their children to take a walk to watch the consulate, take pictures of the building, or take selfies.
The consulate was surrounded by guards, who occasionally “corrected” people’s behavior, and they seemed to not allow anything out of the ordinary: a woman was stopped as soon as she began to sing a red song, and a guard confiscated a banner.
But residents of a nearby residential building successfully raised a giant Chinese flag on their balcony and shouted slogans in support of China.
The U.S. Consulate in Chengdu, opened in 1985, covers all U.S. consular-related matters in southwestern China, especially in the Tibet Autonomous Region.
The Chinese government's response to the United States has been relatively restrained: many Chinese have asked the government to close the US consulate in Hong Kong online, but the official only says that the closure of the US consulate in Chengdu is a necessary and legitimate response to the unreasonable behavior of the United States.
In addition to Chengdu, the United States has consulates in Guangdong, Shanghai, Shenyang, Wuhan, and Hong Kong.
Large-scale financial media operation "Walking Village Live to Watch Poverty Alleviation" Starts
Hunan Daily, New Hunan Client, July 25 (Reporter) On July 25, the large-scale financial media action "Walking Village Live to Watch Poverty Alleviation" sponsored by the Central Radio and Television General Station Financial Program Center started from Xuzhou, Jiangsu, and two caravans carrying 5G new media mobile cloud production and broadcasting system.
General Secretary Xi Jinping pointed out that 2020 is a year of milestone significance. We will build a moderately prosperous society in all respects and achieve the first centenary goal. 2020 is also a year of decisive victory in the fight against poverty.
The large-scale financial media action "Walking the Village to Watch Poverty Alleviation" is an important measure for the Financial Program Center of the Central Radio and Television General Station to cooperate with this major theme and do a good job in poverty alleviation.
The action will go to poverty alleviation villages in more than 20 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government, excavate fresh stories of poverty alleviation, directly attack the dramatic changes in the appearance of villages and villages, and show the villagers how to break through the difficulties of survival and development and move towards prosperity.
This action will last for more than 3 months.
The reporter started from Xuzhou and divided his troops into two routes. One way took the southwest route, passing through Anhui, Hubei, Jiangxi, Hunan, Guangxi, Guizhou, Sichuan, Chongqing, Yunnan, Tibet and other places; the other route took the northwest route, passing through Henan, Shaanxi, Gansu, Qinghai, Xinjiang, Ningxia, Inner Mongolia, Shanxi, Hebei and other places, with a journey of more than 10,000 kilometers.
In the form of reporting, “Walking the Village Live to See Poverty Alleviation” boldly integrated.
The economic development of the villages visited by the caravan will be broadcast through the CCTV Financial Channel of the Central Radio and Television General Station, the Voice of the Central Broadcasting Economy, China Communications Radio, and CCTV Financial New Media.
Among them, the TV live broadcast will be mainly completed on the afternoon news program “World Finance” of CCTV Financial Channel (premier time: Monday to Sunday 12:00-13:00), and the prime news column “Economic Information Network” of CCTV Financial Channel will set up a poverty alleviation report column (first broadcast time: Monday to Sunday 20:30-21:30).
At the same time, the caravan will broadcast a live broadcast of up to 1 hour to each village in the CCTV financial client. The audience can watch the live broadcast and participate in the lottery by downloading the CCTV financial APP.
In terms of technology application and studio design, "Walking Village Live to Watch Poverty Alleviation" has the courage to break through and pioneered the "outfield new media caravan".
The car is equipped with a 5G new media mobile cloud production and broadcast system, using 5G 4K/8K AI technology to realize the organic combination of online and offline, large screen and small screen, and TV broadcasting.
Equipped with Sanxun studio area, the studio area is converted from a container, 12 meters long, 2.55 meters wide and 3.98 meters high. The box body adopts hydraulic automatic expansion structure, which can be turned up to 120 degrees at most.
The studio area can also be automatically expanded and an external expansion platform is connected, covering an area of more than 50 square meters, which can meet the scene requirements of most programs.
At present, Dongchuan District, Kunming City is already hot in summer, and what is hotter than the weather is the poverty alleviation workshop next to the relocation site.
"Now, as soon as you leave the house, you enter the factory door, making money and taking care of your family, thanks to the free vocational skills training organized by the trade union," said Lu Ling, an employee of Kunming Asfu Electronic Technology Company.
Walking into the poverty alleviation workshop of electronic components processing in Tongdu Street, Dongchuan District, a busy picture came into view.
Lu Ling is a single mother in her 40s, raising her children alone and taking care of her elderly parents.
In her most difficult time, the Dongchuan District Federation of Trade Unions helped to come up with ideas and find ways to “send charcoal in the snow”.
Since 2018, Lv Ling has enjoyed housing, education, social security, employment and other assistance policies and subsidies from trade unions at all levels.
This year, her children have successfully graduated and are employed. She herself has a job and income after participating in skills training. She was out of difficulties at the end of April.
It is reported that the Dongchuan District Headquarters helps the special skills training project of poverty alleviation, which is part of the skills training of the Yunnan Federation of Trade Unions.
Based on the characteristics of the difficult workers in the relocation resettlement site for poverty alleviation and relocation in the area, the district headquartered in-depth investigation and understanding of the training needs, determined the training types of work, and plans to train a total of 450 electricians, welders and pastry chefs in the near future.
Recently, Li Yi, an employee of the Agricultural Bank of Yunnan Menglian County Branch, wrote a sincere letter of thanks to the County Federation of Trade Unions.
In the letter, she sincerely thanked the union for the Golden Autumn Student Grant from August 2013 to January 2017 to help her complete her studies.
In 2004, Li Yi's father died in a car accident, and her mother was included in the files of employees in difficulties. Since then, she has been enjoying the care of the filing policy.
With the help of the local trade union, Li Yi successfully completed her studies.
Since 2016, 3,809 households have been lifted out of poverty through institutional guarantees and targeted assistance.
The success of Lv Ling's family and Li Yi is a microcosm of the work of Yunnan trade unions to promote the work of difficult workers.
According to Duan Kaiyuan, a staff member of the Legal and Rights Protection Department of the Yunnan Provincial Federation of Trade Unions, the provincial headquarters strengthened the dynamic management of the files of employees in difficulties, promoted the normalization of the file-building work, and timely included the employees in difficulty who met the requirements for filing.
During the epidemic, it was difficult to go out to work. In order to help employees with difficulties in their files to ease their living pressure, Yunnan Province has arranged more than 13 million yuan to send warm funds. According to the standards of 2,000 yuan per household for employees with difficulties at the national level and 1,500 yuan per household for employees with difficulties at the provincial level, more than 6,000 national-level and more than 1,000 provincial-level employees in difficulties have implemented special warm and condolences activities.
At the same time, the Provincial Headquarters docked with various Internet recruitment platforms such as human resources and social departments and Zhaopin Recruitment, pushed recruitment information to difficult employees, and provided employment consultation, employment guidance and other services.
