Xinhua Times Review: Making excellent returning migrant workers into a new force for rural revitalization - Xinhuanet.com.
Talent is the key to rural revitalization.
Where to find talents?
The group of excellent returning migrant workers is an indispensable new force.
Published by Hai Chunzuo, Xinhua News Agency.
Xinhua News Agency, Chengdu, July 26 Title: Making excellent returning migrant workers a vital force for rural revitalization.
Zhang Xiong, 34, lives in Guoyuan Village, Meishan City, Sichuan. In 2010, he quit his job with a monthly salary of tens of thousands of yuan in Beijing to return to his hometown to start his own business.
After several years of hard work, the grape-growing family farm he runs now has an annual income of more than one million yuan, becoming a well-known leader in getting rich, and has also been selected to join the village "two committees" team.
In recent years, under the inspiration of a series of policies to support and benefit farmers, such as national poverty alleviation and rural revitalization, more and more excellent migrant workers like Zhang Xiong choose to return to their hometowns and start businesses, activating a pool of spring water in the countryside.
Sichuan, a province with a large population in western China and a large labor exporting province, has led the implementation of the "Excellent Migrant Workers Recruiting and Cultivation Project" in accordance with the situation. In 2019 alone, more than 8,000 village party branch secretaries, 61,000 village reserve forces, and more than 20,000 party members were produced from the returned excellent rural migrant workers, providing a strong guarantee for winning the battle against poverty and implementing the rural revitalization strategy.
A well-off is not well-off, and the key is to look at the villagers.
Since the reform and opening up, a large number of young and middle-aged rural laborers in China have gone out to work outside to increase their income, and some have set up their own enterprises by fighting hard.
But objectively, it has also led to the emergence of rural "hollow-out" to varying degrees, especially the weakening of rural grassroots organizations. Both the village party branch secretary and the party members show the characteristics of "one old and one low", that is, aging, low education, a weak team of leaders in village party organizations, and the problem of lack of youth and yellowness is prominent.
If elements such as rural talents have been unilaterally flowing to cities and villages for a long time in a state of "blood loss" and "anemia", revitalization is an empty talk.
Attracting back those migrant workers who have the ability, consciousness, and ambition to serve their hometown, guide them to return to their hometowns to start their own businesses, and become wealthy leaders, select the best from them to become party members and rural cadres, and enrich the ranks of grassroots cadres, this is the fundamental solution to solve the problems of rural party members and grassroots party organizations.
Excellent migrant workers attract back, but also let them stay and do a good job.
In recent years, Sichuan has started by paying close attention to the party building of rural migrant workers, and on the basis of strict selection criteria, established institutional mechanisms such as targeted referral, service guarantee, training and energy enhancement, and selection and use of excellent migrant workers, so that they can improve in ability, work security, and hope in life, truly take root in the countryside, and have a sense of accomplishment when they start their own businesses.
This year is the final year of the decisive battle against poverty, and talents are the key factor in making a good connection between poverty alleviation and rural revitalization.
Party committees and governments at all levels should attach great importance to the group of excellent returning migrant workers, and through comprehensive measures, build them into a work team and fresh force that can be retained, able to fight, and cannot be taken away, and provide strong organizational guarantee and talent support for rural poverty alleviation to run to a well-off society and development and revitalization.
Because of the epidemic, this year’s college graduates are a very special session. On the evening of July 11, the bilibili summer graduation song party brought a special online live performance to the graduates, and musicians such as Lao Lang, Pu Shu, Li Yuchun, Mao Buyi and other musicians sent songs and blessings to the graduating students.
Well-known up master SealWu Wu Yifan also brought a piece of “Wild Grass”, which is a rap-style song that he adapted from Lu Xun’s collection of prose poems of the same name, which is extremely popular among young people.
Due to the epidemic, many graduates failed to appreciate the ritual feeling of picking ears and awarding degrees on the spot, so they transferred the sense of ceremony online.
The data shows that this 2.5-hour song party has a peak livestream popularity of more than 35 million.
“Follow your heart, seize the opportunity, ignore the consequences, and sometimes there will be unexpected gains instead.”
Although it is a graduation song party, many songs also touched the non-graduating students.
“When you look at the whole show, you really want to cry, who’s youth is full of beauty and regret, but they are all worth remembering, and you should all be brave to go on.”
Beijing’s natural ecology continues to improve, attracting more than 500 species of wild animals to “settlement” in the city - Chinanews.com.
2020-07-26 05:03:17 Source: Beijing Youth Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Responsible Editor: Wang Sishuo.
The capital’s natural ecology continues to improve, attracting wild animals to “settlement” in the city.
Beijing has reached more than 500 species of wild animals.
This newspaper (Reporter Wang Bin) The Beijing Youth Daily reporter learned from the Municipal Landscaping Bureau that in recent years, with the continuous improvement of the capital’s natural ecological environment, the species and number of wild animals have also continued to increase.
At present, the terrestrial vertebrate wild animals inhabiting Beijing have increased to more than 500 species, including first-class national protected animals such as brown horse chicken and black stork, as well as national second-class protected animals such as gazelles, giant swan, gray crane, and mandarin duck.
Whether it is planted into an urban forest within the Second Ring Road or a small wetland embedded between buildings, it not only brings the wild charm of nature to the citizens of the capital, but also attracts wild animals to “settlement” in the city.
In midsummer, the Songshan National Nature Reserve, located in the Yanshan Mountains in the northwest of Yanqing District, was full of life.
A raccoon was playing leisurely beside the mountain stream, while two dog badgers were playing with each other.
Looking back, a wild boar couldn’t resist the “scratch” on its body and was rubbing its bark vigorously. Hu Qiaoli, director of the Pine Mountain National Nature Reserve Management Office, introduced that as of the end of 2019, in this green sea with a total area of more than 6,200 hectares, 178 species of wild animals, including the first-class national protected animal golden eagle and the national second-class protected animal spoon and cockatiel, lived, and nearly one-third of the city’s wild animal species could be seen here.
“In Songshan, wild animals are the real ‘masters’, and our staff can only be regarded as the ‘bodyguards’ of people’s homes at best.”
Hu Qiaoli said that in order to understand the situation of wildlife in the reserve on the ground, more than 30 professional patrol team members patrol along 16 carefully formulated protection routes every day, and there is also a “big circle” every month to walk almost the entire reserve in a whole day.
“During the patrol, it is not necessary to check and record the biodiversity, but also to check the installation of artificial bird nests, rescue injured wild animals, install wild infrared cameras, and so on.”
The Songshan National Nature Reserve has now installed more than 200 infrared cameras to record the living state of wild animals in the forest.
Hu Qiaoli introduced that as the biodiversity of the reserve has been continuously enriched in recent years, more and more wild animals have appeared in the lens, leopard cats, raccoons and pig badgers have become "resident guests", and the "appearance rate" of the national second-class protected animal gazelles has also become higher and higher.
Zhang Zhiming, director of the Wildlife and Wetland Protection Division of the Beijing Municipal Landscaping and Greening Bureau, introduced that Beijing's terrestrial vertebral wild animals have increased from 461 species in 1994 to more than 500 now, and the species and number of wild animals in Beijing have continued to increase in recent years.
The more and more common presence of wild animals in the city is closely related to the continuous upgrading of the capital city's greening in recent years.
In particular, the new round of afforestation and greening construction of one million acres, which began in 2018, proposes to reshape the urban ecological environment, enhance the ecological functions of woodland green spaces, and highlight the concept of "near nature".
In planning, efforts are made to achieve interconnection and interaction with the surrounding green spaces to facilitate the "visiting of relatives and friends" of wild animals, and the trees planted are also honey and food source plants that animals love.
Black land "plants" agricultural modernization-Xinhua.
Harbin, Xinhua News Agency, July 26th Question: Black land "plants" agricultural modernization.
In midsummer, two spraying pesticide planes swept past the 10,000-mu high-yield demonstration field of the second operation station of the Fifth Management Area of Friendship Farm, forming two white lines, and the large characters of "the first in the world" planted with black rice seedlings in the green fields are particularly eye-catching.
Kong Lingqiang, the stationmaster of this operation station, said that this kind of aircraft can spray pesticides on more than 6,000 acres of cultivated land in a day, and the efficiency is about 8 times that of drones and hundreds of times that of manual labor.
This farm is located in Youyi County, Heilongjiang Province, China's first large grain-producing province. From the sound of cutting rice in the past to the sound of "rumbling" motors today, Chinese traditional farming and farming have realized transformation on this black soil belt.
In addition to aircraft, satellites are also used in the modern agricultural production of Friendship Farm.
Kong Lingqiang introduced that, on the one hand, they use satellite remote sensing technology to achieve precise fertilization, reduce agricultural input and reduce pollution; on the other hand, satellite navigation technology can improve the standardized operation level of agricultural machinery in the field.
In this year's rice production process, the farm has expanded the operating area of satellite navigation unmanned rice transplanting technology from 3,000 acres last year to 30,000 acres.
This technology makes seedling planting more uniform, maximizes the utilization of sunlight and cultivated land resources, and saves labor costs of 16 yuan per acre.
The farm has tried new technologies such as informationization and intelligence in agricultural production, forming the largest agricultural machinery group in China from the ground to the sky.
According to statistics, the farm has a total holding capacity of 49,000 units (pieces) of agricultural machinery at present, and the comprehensive mechanization rate in the field is 99.8%.
The agricultural machinery operation realizes 100% GPS satellite navigation, 100% dryland precision sowing, and 100% dryland high-powered locomotive operation.
"Green agriculture, smart agriculture, and digital agriculture are the path-finding directions for agricultural modernization."
said Liu Hualian, field manager of Friendship Farm.
The key to agricultural modernization lies in scientific and technological progress.
Heilongjiang Agricultural Reclamation, represented by the farm, has played a demonstration and leading role in modern agriculture "large aircraft carrier" in recent years, and initially established a modern agricultural industrial system led by large-scale planting, standardized production, and industrialized operation.
In the suburbs of Friendship County, there is an agricultural machinery expo park covering an area of 350,000 square meters.
More than 140 sets (pieces) of agricultural machinery and equipment introduced and used by Heilongjiang Agricultural Reclamation over the years are concentrated here.
These agricultural machinery and farms have witnessed the development process of China's agricultural modernization.
She Xiaojia for everyone — — Jiangkouhe Lianwei, Hefei, Anhui Mass transfer strikes directly — Xinhuanet.
Xinhua News Agency, Hefei, July 26th Title: She Xiaojia for everyone — — Jiangkouhe Lianwei, Hefei, Anhui Mass transfer strikes directly.
Xinhua News Agency reporters Chen Shangying, Wang Liwu, Liu Xiacun.
At just after 4 pm on July 25, Fu Kunbao, wearing mud-covered rubber shoes, went back and forth from the front house to the back room, and he and his wife Zhou Yan were busy packing back and forth.
“I received a call from the village cadre to let the transfer, and I was still weeding grass in the field.”
Fu Kunbao said that he has circulated more than 60 mu of land, planted rice, and is growing well at the moment, “I also took medicine yesterday, and I haven’t cleaned up the tools and whatever.”
Fu Kunbao pointed to the pesticide sprayer placed in the corner, “No one wants their home to be flooded, let’s She Xiaojia for everyone.”
In response to the continuous high water level pressure of Chaohu Lake and possible heavy rainfall, Hefei City, Anhui Province, is ready to activate the Jiangkouhe Lianwei flood-divided water storage on the 26th, where Fu Kunbao’s home is located.
Jiangkouhe Lianwei is located in Feixi County, close to the Chaohu embankment.
There are several thousand villagers involved in Yanxiangdian and Sanhe Town in the puddle who need to be transferred.
As of 16:00 on the 25th, the water level of Chaohu Lake, the fifth largest freshwater lake in China, still maintained a high level of 13.2 meters, with a guaranteed super-water level of 0.7 meters.
Fu Kunbao’s kitchen was clean and clean, with a pot of pumpkin vegetables on the table, and eggs and some braised vegetables in the refrigerator.
“I didn’t expect to move, the water in Jiangkouhe is currently optimistic.”
Zhou Yan said that the home is a bungalow, and some large items have not been thought of where to put them for the time being.
“Pack up your valuables first, refrigerators, TV sets, and these large items can be temporarily put to neighbors or relatives with high terrain first.”
Village cadre Wang Liwen gave Fu Kunbao an idea.
Wang Liwen was in charge of the transfer and resettlement of 13 villagers, and notified each household to confirm the resettlement plan for everyone.
The closest resettlement point to Fu Kunbao's house is Su Xiao Primary School in Yandian Township, about 2 kilometers away.
In addition to the big pieces, what gave Fu Kunbao's couple a headache were more than 1,000 catties of grain at home and some newly bought furniture.
"The grain is ready to be dragged to the relative's house, and the furniture can't be moved."
As soon as the couple discussed it, they put a stool under the newly bought bed and raised the bed by about half a meter.
At 6 pm, Fu Kunbao began to use a tricycle to transport things to the relative's house, and Zhou Yan continued to pack up at home.
At more than 11 pm, the couple looked around the front and back of the house, pulled the power switch, and prepared to go to the resettlement point.
"I hope the water will return soon."
Fu Kunbao said.
At 9:30 a.m. on July 26, the reporter saw at the Jiangkouhe Lianwei site that the local area had made various preparations before the flood distribution.
Zhang Jike Lin Xiaozhai team up to support muscular teenagers-Xinhuanet.
The sports youth hot-blooded competitive show "Sports Bar Boys" officially landed on Hunan Satellite TV on July 11th.
Sports leader Zhang Jike and sports assistant Lin Xiaozhai crossed the stage, Lin Dan and Fu Yuanhui commented on their own styles, and the hard core of the "behemoth"-like power pole pulling device went on stage, which made the show "burning" with full power.
In the first episode, 11 sports teenagers appeared on the power track, and their appearances stunned the audience, while the "strong conflict" "strong confrontation" and "strong heart" on the arena also attracted attention.
Among them, "strong conflict" came from Super A sports student Qiao Wenyi, who before the game blatantly provoked Xu Zhibin, who is known as "Flower Beauty Boy" on the same track, choking that Xu Zhibin's appearance condition should go to sing and dance the show, and even let out the ruthless words of "don't put makeup on and cry when you lose".
The remarks made the teenagers and the sports leaders on the field gasp a sigh of relief.
And "strong confrontation" was more like an immortal fight, and Sun Jianqi, known as the "big devil", met the equally strong Zhang Dongxin to stage a strong confrontation.
And their identities were also unexpected, Sun Jian is a fitness-loving actor, and Zhang Xindong is a retired special combat team member and three-time warrior medal winner.
At the beginning of the game, the two teenagers tried their best to quickly pull out the small pole, and the lasting confrontation on the big pole made the audience squeeze a sweat for them.
Under the tense competition situation, Zhang Jike, as one of the sports team leaders of "Sports Bar Junior", also watched the battle seriously.
In the commenting session, he was also very attentive, patiently encouraging the teenagers who lost the game, and helping every mistake in the review process.
While the sports assistant Lin Xiaozhai was a fancy assist, she made no secret of her appreciation for the online teenagers with good looks and strength.
When learning about the overloaded daily training of sports teenagers, it was more admiration.
Lin Dan and Fu Yuanhui, who are also the sports leaders, have their own styles, one is a calm and idle "prophet", and the other is a "Honghuang girl" who uses a smile to dispel the tension.
In addition, as sports assistants, Ji Kejunyi and Liu Ye have also created a lot of hilarious topics around sports teenagers.
Church fire in Nantes, France: Parish volunteer admits to arson, usually kind and reticent - China News Service.
Chinanews.com, July 26 (Xinhua) -- On July 18, the religious historical architectural treasure of Nantes, France, the famous St. Peter and St. Paul Cathedral, was seriously damaged in a fire, and the grand organ was completely destroyed, according to foreign media reports.
On the 26th local time, the Nantes prosecutor announced that a parish volunteer who was in charge of guarding among the cathedral has been charged with "arson damage".
He has admitted that it was himself who set the fire in the church.
According to reports, local prosecutor Cenas said that the 39-year-old parish volunteer from Rwanda admitted that he set fire to three places in the middle of the cathedral at night.
The man's lawyer said that the arsonist now regrets doing such a thing.
The man entered France several years ago through the route of refuge, was sheltered in the parish where this fire occurred, and was received in the church.
The prosecution pointed out that recently, he tried to renew his visa and was communicating with the police department about it.
But the church side said it still couldn't believe that the believer, who is usually very kind and smiling, but didn't speak much, would destroy the church he loved so much.
On the day of the fire on July 18, the volunteer had already been questioned by the police because of an illogical problem in the narrative, but he was later released.
The picture shows firefighters at the scene for rescue.
On the evening of the 25th, the man was interrogated again because the professional engineers of the laboratory of the Paris Central Police Department obtained new evidence.
This time, the man admitted his act of arson.
According to reports, if convicted of deliberate arson destruction, the suspect could face 10 years in prison and a fine of 150,000 euros.
Reports said that the fire caused serious damage to the Cathedral of St. Pierre and St. Paul, the organ in the church was completely burned, and the stained glass window behind the organ was also seriously damaged.
Brunet, the chief architect of the historic preservation building in France, believes that conservative estimates will take at least three years to restore the cathedral of Nantes.
Comprehensive news: U.S. unilateralism undermines bilateral relations International public opinion supports China's countermeasures against the U.S.-Xinhua.
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Xinhua) -- On the morning of July 24, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs notified the U.S. embassy in China that China decided to revoke the establishment and operation license of the U.S. Consulate General in Chengdu, and put forward specific requirements for the consulate general to stop all business and activities.
International public opinion believes that the unilateralist measures taken by the U.S. have caused serious troubles to China-U.S. relations, and that China's response to the U.S.'s unreasonable provocations and taking countermeasures is justified and necessary.
Andres Borks, director of the China Studies Center at the Institute of International Studies at the University of Chile, said that the U.S.'s unilateralist measures have damaged the bridge of understanding between the Chinese and American peoples, and brought the relationship between the two major powers into crisis.
China's notification to the U.S. to close its consulate general in Chengdu is a counter-response to U.S. unilateral measures and is in line with diplomatic practice.
Patricio Justo, a professor at the Catholic University of Argentina and director of the China-Arab Studies Center, believes that the above-mentioned Chinese decision is a legitimate and necessary countermeasure to the U.S.'s previous provocations, and is not aimed at the ordinary American people.
The U.S. tries to divert the attention of the American people by pressing China to achieve the purpose of covering up its ineffective response to the new crown epidemic.
Ban Bunsuryono, chairman of the Asian Innovation Center, an Indonesian think tank, said that the U.S.'s provocative diplomatic posture has caused serious troubles to China-U.S. relations, and the two countries face severe challenges.
China's notification to the U.S. that the closure of its consulate general in Chengdu is a normal countermeasure, which is in line with diplomatic practice, reflecting both China's principled position of resolutely safeguarding its own interests, and the rational and favorable nature of Chinese diplomacy.
Tanzanian current affairs commentator Francis Semwenza said that China's above-mentioned decision is a just and necessary response to the U.S. provocations.
For China-U.S. relations to return to normal, the U.S. should take the initiative to improve relations with China and stop interfering in China's internal affairs.
The U.S. should focus on how to achieve a win-win economic and political relationship with China, and how to benefit the two peoples and even the entire international community.
Ali Yusuf, executive director of the Sudan-based Federation of Arab-Chinese Friendship Associations, said that the countermeasures China was forced to take were a legitimate and necessary response to the unreasonable actions of the US side, which were in line with international law and basic norms of international relations, as well as diplomatic practices.
The US side’s request to close the Chinese Consulate General in Houston was a serious violation of international law and basic norms of international relations.
It is hoped that the US side will revoke the previous relevant decisions and create necessary conditions for the return of normal relations between the two countries.
Singapore’s Lianhe Zaobao published an editorial saying that the greater strategic intention of the US is to contain China and prevent China from continuing to rise.
In the face of the US’s pressing steps, although the Chinese side is very reluctant to see Sino-US relations continue to deteriorate, it has to take countermeasures.
(Participating reporters: Yin Nan, Zhang Xiaoran, Ni Ruijie, Liang Hui, Gao Zhu, Li Sibo, Ma Yichong, Wang Lili)
Xinhua News Agency, Guangzhou, July 26 (Reporter Mao Xin) The reporter learned from the Guangdong Coast Guard Bureau that recently, the bureau, in conjunction with the Guangzhou Customs and public security departments, knocked down a super large oil product smuggling gang, and initially verified that the gang had smuggled about 120,000 tons of refined oil products since 2019, with a case value of about 800 million yuan, and tax evasion of about 240 million yuan.
The Guangdong Coast Guard Bureau and the customs anti-smuggling department jointly gradually figured out the division of personnel and organizational structure of the gang.
On July 8, the coast police, customs, and public security departments carried out unified net collection operations in Guangzhou, Foshan and other places, as well as the Pearl River Estuary, respectively, seized 4 suspected smuggling ships on the spot, seized a total of 4,700 tons of refined oil products at the involved ships and oil depots, and froze a batch of fund accounts.
It is understood that the joint operation dispatched a total of 8 ships and 2 helicopters, divided into multiple action teams to coordinate operations, carried out a full-chain crackdown on maritime smuggling, illegal operations on land, and other links, and all 35 major criminal suspects arrived in the case.
The case is currently under further investigation.
The relevant person in charge of the Guangdong Coast Guard said that in the future, it will continue to maintain a high-pressure situation, crack down on various illegal and criminal activities of maritime smuggling, and maintain good order in the maritime areas under its jurisdiction.
Hurricane "Hanna" makes landfall in the United States or triggers soaring rivers and flash floods - Chinanews.com.cn, July 26 (Xinhua) -- At 5 p.m., local time on the 25th, Hurricane "Hanna" made landfall in Texas, the United States, and will bring strong storms and soaring rivers to Texas, and may also trigger life-threatening flash floods, according to comprehensive foreign media reports.
The National Hurricane Center said that Hurricane "Hanna" is expected to carry heavy rain, sweep over parts of southern and northeastern Texas, and the rain or trigger the outbreak of some streams and flash floods that are life-threatening.
Reports said that the most severely affected by Hurricane "Hanna" is the area south of Corpus Christi to the mouth of the Rio Grande River, while widespread flash floods may break out in the Rio Grande Valley.
"Any hurricane is a huge challenge," Texas Governor Abbott said on the 25th.
There are 32 counties in the state that have entered a state of disaster emergency because of the hurricane.
Corpus Christi, a city with a population of over 320,000, has closed libraries and museums, and residents are on guard.
Abbott also said that at a time when Texas is being hit hard by the new crown epidemic, the hurricane cannot be allowed to bring more casualties to Texas.
According to reports, precipitation in southern Texas is expected to reach 6 to 12 inches on the night of the 26th, and 3 to 5 inches of rain will also be seen in northern Texas and coastal Louisiana.
Due to factors such as global warming, "Hanna" formed earlier than previous Atlantic hurricane seasons.
Under normal circumstances, the first hurricane in the Atlantic usually does not form until mid-August, according to reports.
According to reports, precipitation in southern Texas is expected to reach 6 to 12 inches on the night of the 26th, and 3 to 5 inches of rain will also occur in northern Texas and coastal Louisiana.
Poland to withdraw from the European treaty to prevent violence against women.
Poland will take steps next week to withdraw from the European treaty to prevent violence against women, Poland’s justice ministry said on Saturday.
Poland’s right-wing government cabinet said the treaty, which requires schools to teach students about gender issues, tramples on the rights of students’ parents.
Poland’s Justice Minister Gioblo said at a press conference that his ministry on Monday would submit a request to the Ministry of Labour and Family to start withdrawing from the treaty.
That treaty is also known as the Istanbul Convention.
“The treaty contains elements of a morphological nature of meaning that we believe are harmful,” Gioblo said.
Poland’s ruling Law and Justice party and its ruling coalition partners have close alliances with the Roman Catholic Church and promote a conservative social agenda.
Polish President Duda has made hostility to gay rights one of the main issues during his successful re-election campaign this month.
Thousands of Poles, most of them women, staged protests in Warsaw and some other cities on Friday against withdrawing from the pact.
Lempat, one of the protest’s organizers, said at a protest march in Warsaw that “the purpose of withdrawing from the treaty is to decriminalize domestic violence.”
Some protesters carried banners that read “The Law and Justice Party is a hell for women.”
The Law and Justice party has long complained about the Istanbul Convention.
Poland’s previous centrist ruling government ratified the convention in 2015 .
The Law and Justice party government has said the treaty does not respect religion and requires liberal social policies to be taught in schools.
But as of now the party has not decided to withdraw from the convention.
(According to Reuters)
Brazilian President's New Coronavirus Test Result Turns Negative - Xinhuanet.
Xinhua News Agency, Brasilia, July 25 (Reporter Zhou Xingzhu) Brazilian President Bolsonaro announced on his personal social media account on the 25th that his latest new crown virus test result was negative.
In addition to announcing the latest test results, Bolsonaro also posted a photo of himself holding a hydroxychloroquine pill box on social media.
Bolsonaro has always insisted that the drug is effective in treating new coronavirus infections, and has repeatedly shown himself taking the drug through social media live broadcasts.
According to Brazilian media reports, after announcing the virus test results on the same day, Bolsonaro traveled by motorcycle and went to multiple places in the capital Brasilia, and also met with a congressman.
Previously, Bolsonaro had been working in isolation at the presidential residence.
Bolsonaro announced in a joint live broadcast of multiple local media on the 7th that he himself tested positive for the new coronavirus on the 6th, and conducted two more tests on the 14th and 21st, with both positive results.
Jiangxi opens "green channel" for flood-fighting front-line youth to enlist in the army - Xinhuanet.
Xinhua News Agency, Nanchang, July 26 (Guo Dongming, Xiong Liang) The Recruitment Office of the Jiangxi Provincial People's Government recently made it clear that priority will be given to individuals or their children who have performed outstandingly in this flood-fighting, rescue and relief mission, or their children, who meet the eligibility conditions and who have both passed the physical examination and political assessment.
"After the enlisted youth are registered, we will give priority to the recruitment after verification by the community where the enlisted youth is located, the Street Armed Forces Department and the Xunyang District Recruitment Office."
Wang Hui, deputy minister of the People's Armed Forces Department of Xunyang District, Jiujiang City, said that affected by the flood, they started on the 25th and concentrated 3 days to organize the medical examination of the recruited youth.
Zhou Jingfan, the recruited youth of Xunyang District of Jiujiang City, is a 22-year-old college graduate whose mother is a community worker and his father is a veteran of a certain Air Force department. Zhou Jingfan's parents have been on duty on the frontline of flood control and flood fighting for more than ten days.
"These days, I have seen the people's children soldiers in the news on the front line of flood fighting to defend their hometown, and I also want to be a person like them."
Zhou Jingfan said that he had a dream of joining the army since he was a child, and through this flood fighting has strengthened his determination to join the military camp.
Jiujiang City also regards flood fighting and rescue as a "living teaching material" for conscription propaganda, and they take the community as a unit to call on the conscripted youth to volunteer to participate in tasks such as patrolling the embankment and on-duty duty, to perceive the nature and purpose of the people's army on the spot, and they strengthen their confidence in joining the military and serving the country.
Luo Jiuyu, political commissar of the People's Armed Forces Department of Xunyang District, Jiujiang City, said that by prioritizing the recruitment, it hopes to motivate more recruited youth and create a good social atmosphere of participating in the glorious mission and joining the army.
According to the Vietnam News Agency, Grivori believes that Vietnam has made great contributions to the development of ASEAN over the past 25 years.
Vietnam is not only a responsible member of ASEAN, but also the locomotive of ASEAN.
Grivory said that Russia and even the ASEM believe that Vietnam contributes to ASEAN to enhance its status and promote its image externally.
He emphasized that “ASEAN should therefore thank Vietnam.”
Grivory said that analysts recognize the peace initiative proposed by Vietnam.
Vietnam is willing to share its experience with ASEAN countries and put forward constructive peace measures on issues facing the Asia-Pacific region, including the East Sea issue.
Regarding the cooperation between Vietnam and Russia under the ASEAN framework, Grivory believes that Vietnam provides support for Russia’s cooperation with ASEAN, helping Russia gain benefits under this cooperation framework.
The ASEM, including Russia, was able to enter the ASEAN market after signing a free trade agreement with Vietnam.
Grivory suggested maximizing the free trade area between the ASEM and ASEAN countries, in turn creating a platform for economic and security stability.
At the same time, Grivory believes that Russia, Vietnam and ASEAN are on track and will achieve their goals.
From now to the end of 2020, Bac Giang Province will have the necessary conditions, especially in terms of infrastructure, human resources and land, in order to proactively usher in the inflow of foreign capital, especially multinational groups with value chains and transfer of advanced technologies.
In addition, Bac Giang Province will handle the submission of the government premier’s decision to proposition and approve the investment in infrastructure construction and operation projects in the Vietnam-Korean industrial zone to supplement the two industrial-city-service industry zones in the province, Ansan-Bac Long and An Lu, for inclusion in the overall plan for the development of Vietnam’s industrial zones by 2020. Bac Giang Province will focus on accelerating the progress of various projects, especially in infrastructure construction and operation projects in industrial park clusters such as Wo Phuong, Gwangju, Sungai-Nai Hwang, etc., to form a land fund for attracting investment.
Within 2020, Bac Giang Provincial Bureau of Industry and Trade will participate in providing suggestions on the planning of Ding industrial zones and industrial clusters to be incorporated into provincial planning.
Bac Giang Province has determined to combine the development of industrial park clusters with safeguarding national defense security, protecting the ecological environment, and ensuring food security, in turn boosting the balanced development of industry; it has comprehensive infrastructure such as electricity, water supply, transportation and telecommunications, and combines them with other social infrastructure such as urban construction, trade services, housing for workers and medical and health care, and education.
In industrial parks, Bac Giang Province focuses on calling for investment projects in high-tech, clean technologies in the fields of electricity, electronics, telecommunications equipment, precision machinery, auxiliary industries, and so on.
In industrial park clusters, the province calls for small and medium-sized investment projects in the fields of production, utilization of local labor, especially agricultural products and food processing.
In the future, Bac Giang Province will focus on accelerating investment in infrastructure for the logistics center of Bac Giang City, developing synchronously with industrial park clusters to optimize the circulation of goods, currency, and help to reduce production costs, increase the value of goods, optimize supply chains, and develop multimodal transport, thereby creating attractiveness for investors to invest in the province.
In the industrial park clusters, Bac Giang Province is calling for small and medium-sized investment projects in the fields of production, utilization of local labor, especially agricultural products, food processing, etc.
Upgraded version of Russian armed helicopter Ka-52M will be delivered for the first time at the end of the year-Xinhua.
Xinhua News Agency, Moscow, July 25 (Xinhua) According to the plan of the Russian Ministry of Defense, the upgraded version of the Russian armed helicopter (hereinafter referred to as Wuzhi) Ka-52 -- Ka-52M will be completed for the first time in December this year to complete the renovation and refit and leave the factory, and the model will have a greater improvement in reconnaissance, communication and weapon performance.
According to the Russian "News" a few days ago, the Wuzhika-52M is named "Super Alligator", and its development contract was signed by the Russian military and military industrial units in April last year. At present, the first batch of 2 upgraded version of the Wuzhi are undergoing transformation and refitting at the Far East Helicopter Factory of Russia's "Progress" Aerospace Group Company, and its national-level testing and improvement finishing work will be completed by October 2022. "We will be renovating and refitting."
According to Russian experts who understand the above-mentioned upgrade work, the "predecessor" of the "Super Alligator" -- the Wuzhika-52 was officially installed in November 2011, and this model has exposed some weaknesses in use, and this transformation and upgrading is just to "make up the shortcomings."
The report said that compared with the Ka-52, the Ka-52M will partially adopt new protective materials that will not increase weight, and its pilot cockpit will be reinforced and equipped with new equipment to resist missile attacks, thereby increasing the probability of battlefield survival, assembling a larger power generator to power more complex onboard electronic equipment, upgrading the optoelectronic system to be able to reconnaissance and identifying targets at a farther distance, a new light multi-purpose missile equipped with main attack armored combat vehicles and reinforced concrete fortifications, with a range of up to 20 kilometers, which is about 1 times higher than the range of similar missiles used by the Russian Wuzhi in active service. Its defense weapons and communication equipment will maximize the common use of the Mi-28NM gunship that can attack air targets, making maintenance easier and more economical.
In addition, the Ka-52M will have a more advanced electronic guidance system, weapon targeting system, and navigation equipment.
Russian experts also said that it is worth noting that the Ka-52M will be equipped with communication equipment to communicate with drones, so as to obtain information transmitted by nearby drones in real time in the air, such as displaying images taken by drones on the helicopter's cockpit screen.
According to the plan, the pilot of the Ka-52M can directly control the drone it cooperates with, thereby improving the pilot's grasp of the battlefield situation and the guidance of long-range missiles.
According to Russian media reports, Russian Deputy Defense Minister Krivoruchko said in December last year that the Russian Defense Ministry plans to purchase more than 110 Wuzhika-52Ms by 2027.
The new decree stipulates that the Campania region must wear masks in indoor public places from now on, and violators can be fined up to 1,000 euros.
On June 1, local time, the Colosseum in Rome, the capital of Italy, reopened.
According to reports, according to the latest epidemic prevention decree issued by the regional government, people in the Campania region must wear masks in accordance with the epidemic prevention requirements when taking all public transport, as well as entering and leaving indoor public places such as shops, bars, supermarkets and exhibition halls.
Those who violate this regulation can be fined up to 1,000 euros.
The decree also stipulates that all passengers from non-Schengen countries entering the Campania region must be quarantined.
The regional government will authorize health agencies to coordinate arrangements for specific hotels to isolate positive asymptomatic people.
The decree officially came into effect on July 25th.
In less than an hour, three customers who entered the supermarket have accepted the fine.
1.75 billion cubic meters of ecological replenishment of rivers and lakes in Hebei this year - China News Service.
Xinhua News Agency, Shijiazhuang, July 26 (Reporter Wang Kun) The reporter learned from the Hebei Provincial Department of Water Resources that this year, Hebei Province has made overall use of diversion river water and local reservoir water, and successively implemented ecological replenishment to 28 rivers such as Hutuo River, Tang River and Juma River and Baiyangdian, with a cumulative total of 1.75 billion cubic meters of ecological replenishment of rivers and lakes.
Hebei Province seized the favorable opportunity of increasing the flow and water transmission of the middle route of the South-to-North Water Diversion Project, and implemented ecological replenishment of rivers and lakes to Tang River, Shahe River, Ronglong River and other rivers by using diversionary water.
At the same time, nine large and medium-sized reservoirs such as the West Ocean and Dongwushi and Baiyangdian were used to implement ecological replenishment to rivers such as Chuyang River and Qinglong River, with a cumulative water surface area of more than 90 square kilometers.
In order to do a good job in ecological replenishment, the Hebei Provincial Department of Water Resources actively organized and carried out the investigation of hidden dangers of replenishment rivers, rectification and reinforcement, and river cleaning work, refined practical measures, and strengthened patrol management and protection.
Through supervision and inspection and centralized unannounced visits, various problems were solved in a timely manner, ensuring the safe and orderly water replenishment of rivers.
According to the relevant person in charge of the Hebei Provincial Department of Water Resources, the orderly implementation of ecological replenishment of rivers and lakes has effectively restored the ecological environment of rivers and lakes in Hebei Province, promoted the replenishment and conservation of groundwater along the banks, greatly improved the living environment and economic development environment along the line, and is of great significance to the realization of the river and lake protection management goals of "clear water, green banks, smooth rivers, and beautiful scenery".
(Deutsche Welle Chinese Network) In the past two weeks, Spain's new crown confirmed cases have rebounded significantly, with thousands of new cases appearing in multiple days.
The British government temporarily decided on Saturday (July 25) evening to remove Spain from the list of safe travel from 00:00 local time on the 26th, and people entering the UK from Spain must quarantine for 14 days.
British tourists who are vacationing in Spain have expressed surprise, worry, and even anger when they heard the decision, because the news came out of the blue and was caught off guard.
According to reports, British Transport Minister Grant Shapps is also currently vacationing in Spain.
Before the UK issued the quarantine measures, Norway has also announced that people returning from Spain to Norway will undergo a 10-day quarantine.
France and Belgium have advised their residents to abandon plans for vacations in Barcelona ahead and the surrounding areas.
The beaches in these areas are overcrowded, and social distancing cannot be maintained between people, and the police once needed to take measures to reduce the number of beach tourists.
Tourism is an important pillar industry in Spain.
Spain: It is safe here.
In response to the decision made by the United Kingdom, the Spanish Foreign Ministry said on Sunday that the outbreak in the country was under control.
Spanish Foreign Minister Arancha Gonzalez Laya stressed to the media: "Spain is safe, not only for Spaniards, but also for tourists."
The Spanish government will try to persuade the British government to exclude the Balearic Islands and the Canary Islands from the quarantine measures.
The reason is that the infection rate in these two tourist destinations is much lower than that of the British mainland.
To prevent the spread of the epidemic, the Catalonia region of Spain has also restarted the "foot ban".
Tourism is an important pillar industry in Spain, and Spain is one of the most popular holiday destinations for British tourists.
This decision by the United Kingdom is expected to greatly affect Spain's tourism industry.
Quiet / Renchen (News, Reuters)
The first day of Zhongfu: Beijing bid farewell to high temperature and heat, turn on rainfall mode-Xinhua.
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Ni Yuanjin) July 26 is the first day of "Zhongfu" this year.
The convective weather of strong winds and showers in the early morning of the 26th has dispelled the high temperature and heat that has enveloped the Beijing area for several days, and a new round of rainy weather will continue for several days.
The Beijing Meteorological Observatory issued at 11 o'clock on the 26th that there were scattered showers (accompanied by weak thunder and lightning) in Beijing on the 26th, and the daily maximum temperature was only 27 °C; there were light to moderate rain (accompanied by weak lightning) at night, and the minimum temperature at night was 23 °C.
On the 24th to 25th before this, the whole city of Beijing was under the blue warning of high temperature, with the daily maximum temperature in most areas around 37 °C, and high temperatures exceeding 40 °C locally.
Futian is the highest temperature, humid, and sultry day in the year. There are "three volts" in a year, and the hottest is in Zhongfu, and the "bitter summer" that the Chinese people say is at this time.
When entering Futian, homes fill up barns, and the folk have a saying of "one-volt dumplings and two-fu noodles".
According to the current forecast, it will be cloudy and rainy in Beijing for the next three days.
The meteorological department reminds the public to minimize mountain trips and beware of geological disasters.
It is understood that this year's "Zhongfu" has 20 days, starting on July 26 and ending on August 14th.
After entering "Zhongfu", people will feel physically weak and lose their appetite.
Foods that have the effect of clearing heat and relieving heat and strengthening the spleen and appetite, as well as bitter foods such as bitter cabbage and bitter gourd, can help increase appetite and dispel summer heat.
Engine may stall FAA urgent order to investigate 2,000 Boeing passenger jets-Xinhuanet.
The FAA issued an emergency airworthiness directive on the 24th, requiring emergency inspections of about 2,000 Boeing 737NG and 737Classic type passenger jets registered in the United States, because corroded air check valves of the above passenger jets may cause the engines to stop in the air.
The FAA said that it has received 4 reports of engine air stalling of the 737NG and 737Classic type passenger jets so far, and thus made an urgent inspection request, which is for passenger aircraft that have been parked for 7 consecutive days or more and passenger aircraft that have flown less than 11 times so far after being put back into flight.
The FAA warned that if the level 5 check valves of all two engines of the passenger plane are corroded, they may get stuck in the open position, causing the passenger plane to lose power completely and unable to restart the engine.
This aviation regulator ordered that once the check valve is found to be corroded, airline operators must replace this key component before the passenger plane is put into service again.
Boeing responded later that day that the outbreak of the new crown epidemic has led to reduced travel demand, and many passenger planes have been sealed up or used less, “check valves are more likely to be corroded” .
At the same time, Boeing said that it has advised airline operators to inspect the passenger planes involved in the directive, and if problems are found, Boeing will provide help in aspects such as overhaul and replacement of the check valves.
The Associated Press reported that passenger planes owned by major U.S. airline operators usually fly multiple times a day, but a large number of passenger planes were grounded after the outbreak of the new crown epidemic, and some passenger planes were put back into operation as passenger travel demand has grown slowly recently.
The FAA did not release the details of the 4 air stop reports.
Alaska Airlines disclosed one of the incidents later on the 24th.
The airline operator said in a statement that one of its passenger planes suddenly shut down on July 15 on its way from Seattle, Washington to Austin, Texas, and the passenger plane finally made a successful emergency landing at Austin Airport.
Alaska Airlines said that the engine of that passenger plane had been replaced, and that the engines of six passenger planes had been inspected in accordance with FAA instructions.
American Airlines, United Airlines and Southwest Airlines separately said on the 24th that there was no engine flameout of the associated air check valve on their passenger planes.
Four passenger planes under American Airlines will undergo inspections, and 28 passenger planes under United Airlines will undergo inspections.
Delta Air Lines said it would inspect 20 of its passenger jets, but did not say if there had been an engine stall.
The FAA's emergency airworthiness directive is another blow to Boeing, multiple media outlets reported.
A Boeing 737MAX airliner each of Indonesia's Lion Air and Ethiopian Airlines crashed in October 2018 and March 2019, killing a combined 346 people.
The series of passenger jets were subsequently grounded globally, with production halted in January and resumed in May.
FAA Administrator Steve Dixon admitted in June that the FAA "made a mistake" in its regulation of Boeing regarding the 737MAX airliner.
"Dingdong Online! Hello Teacher" will be launched next week, with Xue Zhaofeng leading the "Knowledge Initiator - Xinhuanet.
There is another new variety show on the line."
The interactive knowledge sharing program "Dingdong Online! Hello Teacher" will be broadcast on Hunan Satellite TV from July 20th.
It is understood that the program will create a brand new all-age youth classroom, and a group of beautiful and talented teachers will go into battle to challenge the interesting knowledge output.
Different from the serious impression of the teacher group in the public's mind in the past, "Dingdong Online! Hello Teacher" gathers a group of knowledge representatives with both face value and talent.
They are not only youth knowledge role models from various disciplines, but also a group of all-round "Duanzis" who can shake their baggage and are good at entertaining and entertaining.
In the program, this group of excellent young knowledge role models, as "Knowledge Sharing Officers", will challenge the interesting knowledge classroom.
They need to impress the audience present by presenting the most interesting side of their discipline through knowledge output with attitude.
And the "Youdao Asking Group" composed of all-age audiences will ask ever-changing questions on the spot, increase the difficulty of teaching for the "Knowledge Sharing Officers", and also add a little stimulating atmosphere to the program.
It is revealed that this "Knowledge Sharing Officer" includes outstanding young teachers such as Li Yongle, a physics teacher at the Middle School affiliated to Renmin University of China, Zhang Xuefeng, a famous instructor of the entrance examination, and Wang Lei, a history teacher with ten years of experience, who will present the "hardcore" knowledge of various disciplines to the audience in an unexpected way.
In addition, the program also invites Xue Zhaofeng, an economics professor, as the "knowledge initiator" of the program, and joins "Dingdong Teaching Assistants" Du Haitao and Jin Mengjia to talk about youth with the audience and create a "National Youth Open Class."
Chief Secretary for Administration of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government: The Situation is Grim and Fully Fight Against the Epidemic - China News Service.
Hong Kong, July 26 (Xinhua) -- The Chief Secretary for Administration of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government, Zhang Jianzong, said on the 26th that the situation of the new crown pneumonia epidemic in Hong Kong continues to be severe, and if the epidemic situation turns bad, the SAR government will decisively adopt more stringent control measures to further restrict the operation of business premises and reduce the space for citizens to go out.
But at this stage, the SAR government has no intention to introduce a "stay-at-home order" or a "stay-at-home order" to restrict citizens from going out.
Zhang Jianzong published a weblog titled "Fighting Against the Epidemic in a Grim Situation" on the same day.
He said that this wave of the epidemic is the most severe in half a year, and that the next two weeks will be very critical, and we must try our best to prevent the virus from spreading further in the community.
In addition to the SAR government taking necessary measures, citizens' self-discipline and cooperation are also very important.
He called on citizens to stay at home as much as possible, reduce social contact and go out to eat.
Citizens should cooperate with the mandatory measures to wear masks to protect themselves and others, and pay attention to personal and environmental hygiene and frequent hand washing, and moreover, suspend non-essential gatherings or gatherings of relatives and friends and reduce to the market.
He said that the central government has always been very concerned about the changes in the epidemic situation in Hong Kong and supported the SAR government's anti-epidemic work, and actively responded to the latest request of the Chief Executive to provide assistance in increasing testing capacity and refitting the AsiaWorld-Expo into a similar "fangcang hospital".
Zhang Jianzong said that the free virus testing provided by the SAR government for specific high-risk groups, namely residential care homes for the elderly, disabled residents and nursing home employees, restaurant employees, taxi drivers and property management employees, has been fully launched, involving up to 400,000 people.
He is very concerned about the cases of infection appearing in residential care homes for the elderly, and the SAR government has arranged specific temporary quarantine centers for residents of residential care homes for the elderly.
He said that the SAR government is constructing an isolation and quarantine facility near the Chuk Kho Wan Quarantine Center in Taishan, New Territories, and is expected to provide 700 additional isolation rooms by the end of September.
The Chief Executive also announced on the 19th that the SAR government will build more than 2,000 isolation rooms at the Chuk Kho Wan Quarantine Center, and strive to be completed by the end of this year.
In addition to the 800 quarantine centers that have already been put into use, the Chu Kho Bay Quarantine Center is expected to provide a total of 3,500 quarantine rooms by the end of the year.
There are currently four operational isolation and quarantine centers in Hong Kong, providing a total of about 2,600 isolation rooms.
In addition, the SAR government re-activated the Lei Yue Mun Park Resort on Hong Kong Island on the 24th as a community isolation facility for the treatment of patients under the age of 50 who are capable of taking care of themselves independently.
The "Nutrient" of Changning the History of the Party and the History of New China - Chinanews.com.
2020-07-26 17:37:29 Source: People's Forum Network Author: Yanjing Zhu Responsible Editor: Yanjing Zhu.
Recently, General Secretary Xi Jinping emphasized when visiting the Siping Campaign Memorial Hall: "It is necessary for the 1.4 billion people, more than 90 million Party members, especially leading cadres at all levels, to study the history of the Communist Party of China and the history of the New China well."
Studying the history of the Party and the history of the new China conscientiously is a compulsory course for party members and cadres to not forget their original heart and keep their mission in mind. It is necessary to draw rich nourishment from it, cultivate the feelings of the family and the country, and take the long march of the new era well.
A magnificent history of the Party and the New China records the hard struggle and glorious journey of the Communist Party of China since its birth, and demonstrates the faith and loyalty that the Communists have forged with their lives and blood, and the original heart and mission that they will always adhere to.
History is the best textbook, and for party members and cadres, the history of the Party and the New China is the most brilliant chapter in this textbook.
Every party member and cadre must continuously strengthen the historical thinking of taking history as a mirror and heading toward the future, base themselves on the new journey and new mission, pick up the "bearing baton" of the era, and walk the long march of contemporary people well.
Cast the soul with history and stick to the original mission in learning the history of the Party and the new Chinese history.
Opening the history of the Party and the new Chinese history is full of the eternal original mission and rock-solid belief of the Chinese Communists, demonstrating the simple feelings of the Communists forever being together with the people.
To learn about the important events, meetings, and important figures in the history of the Party and the New China at a close distance is not only an intuitive mind-shocking, thought-baptizing, but also to read the connotation of the original faith from the depths of the soul, and to know the weight of the mission.
For party members and cadres, if they want to keep their original mission and forever advanced, they must find our starting point and the fulcrum of the original heart from the Party history and the history of the New China, maintain a clear understanding and firm stance, arouse the strength to go abroad and fight bravely for the people, and ensure that the revolutionary ancestors used blood and life to lay down the red rivers and mountains from generation to generation.
Learning history wisely, inheriting the lofty spirits in learning the history of the Party and New China.
Since the founding of the Communist Party of China, it has successively shaped a series of great spirits such as the Red Boat Spirit, the Jinggangshan Spirit, the Long March Spirit, the Yan’an Spirit, the Anti-Japanese War Spirit, the Xibaipo Spirit, the “Two Bombs and One Star” spirit, and the spaceflight spirit.
The great spirits precipitated by these history provide powerful spiritual incentives for our Party to overcome various risks and challenges on the way forward, and are valuable spiritual wealth that can’t be beaten, rushed, or snatched away.
The process of learning Party history and Chinese history is the process of revisiting these spirits and shaping self-spirits. It is necessary to consciously take the lofty spirit of the revolutionary ancestors as a mirror, stick to the spiritual homeland of Communists, build a solid spiritual foundation for advancing the great cause and realize the great dream, and inherit and carry forward these spirits to shine the light of the new era.
Reading history and introspection, keep the positive and dispel the evil in the study of Party history and New China history.
For Party members and cadres, there has never been any piece of history that can bring more profound warnings, enlightenment, and reference than Party History and New China History.
In Party History and New China History, one can not only see the great deeds of the older generation of revolutionaries who were determined to devote themselves to their beliefs and persevere in struggling to achieve the set goals, but also see the profound lessons of certain characters who were shaken by their ideals and beliefs and walked to the opposite side of the revolution, enlightening and warning us to never stagnate and never slack off with firm determination and will, always maintain abundant and tenacious fighting spirit, constantly purify the Party’s nature, and cultivate self-discipline.
If you want to truly become a firm believer and loyal practitioner of the lofty ideals of communism, you need to dust off your “thoughts” and prevent “dirt” from staining your body, and Party History and New Chinese History should become the basis for every Party cadre to examine and warn the self.
Knowing the history is inspiring, and bravely picking up responsibilities in the era of learning Party History and New Chinese History.
General Secretary Xi Jinping once pointed out: “Learning Party History and National History is a compulsory course for adhering to and developing socialism with Chinese characteristics and pushing the Party and the country’s various undertakings forward.”
Looking back at history and inquiring about the original intention is for continuity and a glorious future.
Every Party member and cadre should take the study of Party history and the history of New China as a lifelong pursuit, constantly set the course of life in the course of study, bravely shoulder the historical mission, dare to take responsibility, and be proactive in their respective work posts.
Adhere to the reference and guidance of the advanced deeds of the older generation of revolutionaries, constantly polish the political nature of the Communists, maintain the posture of striving for the day and night, striving for success, and the spirit of struggle that is more difficult and more difficult, and write a splendid piece of his own in the mighty journey of the great rejuvenation of the Chinese nation.
"Stopping Jiangnan" pursues the poetic "Yellow River Dream" - Chinanews.com.
(China Poverty Reduction Story) "Stopping Jiangnan" pursues the poetic "Yellow River Dream."
China News Service Yinchuan, July 26 (Yang Di) "The nine-curve Yellow River has thousands of miles of sand, and the waves rush from the end of the world."
The Yellow River, which has aroused the pride of countless literati innocence, gave birth to the beautiful and rich Ningxia plain. Now, Ningxia, which has the laudatory title of "Stopping Jiangnan", is adhering to the concept of "ecological priority and green development" and pursuing the poetic "Yellow River Dream".
"Bibo Dream" with clear and beautiful rivers.
"The Yellow River is rich in Ningxia", the Yellow River flows through Ningxia for 397 kilometers, and is the "mother river" that nurtures one side.
But with the rapid advancement of industrialization and urbanization, the development and utilization of rivers and lakes are unbalanced with management and protection, and chaos such as excessive sewage discharge, lake reclamation, and encroachment of water areas have emerged, leading to black and smelly water bodies, excessive water quality, dirty environment, and ecological degradation.
Now, Ningxia is promoting the diverse restoration of water ecology, and strives to return the Yellow River to its water and clear water.
Water governance must start from the source.
In Yinchuan, Ningxia, the local approach of "raising standards + pollution control + strict management" has been adopted, and all industrial park sewage has been centrally treated, all urban sewage treatment plants have achieved Class A discharge standards, and the black stinking water bodies in urban built-up areas have been basically eliminated, and the third batch of China's black water body demonstration cities has been successfully declared.
In addition, Ningxia fully implemented the river-lake long system in 2017, and now it has achieved full coverage of the five-level river and lake chief system responsibility system at district, county, and county levels, and patrolling rivers and lakes has become the norm.
64-year-old Gu Jincheng lives in a village beside the Yellow River, and he has witnessed the changes of the Yellow River: "The previous water had a stink, and after remediation, the stink has gone."
Gu Jincheng said that the ecological environment is better, and his life is more comfortable, and now he often goes for walks by the Yellow River with his family to feel the clear water and blue sky.
The "wetland dream" of Shagullxiang;
birds, green trees, plank roads, clear water... The beauty of Fan Zhongyan's "Shagullxiangji" has become a reality in the Yellow River Wetland Park in Yinchuan, Ningxia.
The Yellow River flows through Ningxia, forming a variety of wetlands such as river wetlands, lake wetlands, and swamp wetlands along the way, which plays an important role in promoting the rational use of water resources and water ecological balance, and has also become an internationally important bird migration channel.
Since 2009, relevant departments in Ningxia have invested a total of about 3.45 billion yuan in wetland protection projects. At present, the Yinchuan wetland area is 19,200 hectares, and the wetland protection rate is 78.5%. There are nearly 200 natural lakes and marsh wetlands, and there are 5 national wetland parks, 1 national urban wetland park, 6 autonomous region-level wetland parks, and 8 municipal parks.
Lv Jinhu, deputy director of the Yinchuan Wetland Conservation Center, told reporters that wetland protection has increased biodiversity, which is especially evident in birds, “Relict gulls are an endangered bird, and there are only more than 20,000 in the world, of which more than 2,000 are inhabited in Yinchuan wetland.”
At the same time, Ningxia has delineated a red line of 500-meter interval for the wetland protection area on both sides of the Yinchuan section of the Yellow River according to law, stipulating that no unit or individual shall carry out development, construction and operation activities within the protection scope except for public welfare projects.
Zhao Shaoyong, deputy director of the Yinchuan Water Conservancy Service Center, introduced that through pollution source control, comprehensive remediation of river and lake ecology, and construction of wetlands at the end, the water quality of nine major drainage ditches in Ningxia has now reached 100% Class IV standards, “Now the water is clear, the fish swim, and the flowers bloom.”
The “dream of drinking water” that benefits people’s livelihood.
Yinchuan, Ningxia once had an “embarrassing” title: the only city along the Yellow River that “guarded the Yellow River for lack of water”.
Since 2010, Yinchuan has been facing the problem of persistent water shortage during the peak summer season, and the “pain of water shortage” in the past ten years has become a painful experience for many high-floor residents in summer, but under the current situation that major water sources are at the limit of over-exploitation and large-area groundwater over-exploitation funnel areas have been formed underground in urban areas, water shortage has become a problem plaguing Yinchuan.
Thanks to the improvement of the water quality of the Yellow River, drinking purified Yellow River water has become a recipe for solving the drinking water problem of local residents.
Ding Ming, deputy director of the Yinchuan City Water Affairs Bureau, introduced that in order to improve the water demand for daily production and production of urban and rural residents in Yinchuan, Ningxia launched the Yinchuan Metropolitan Area’s West Line Water Supply Project in a timely manner to replace the original groundwater source with high-quality Yellow River water.
“On December 29, 2019, the water supply project officially opened water to the three districts of Yinchuan City, and in 2020, residents of Minning Town and Helan County also drank Yellow River water.”
Ding Ming said that the Yinchuan Water Conservancy Department will take overall consideration of the transformation of regional rural drinking water and urban water supply integration, “Next, we will integrate all the scattered water supply points in rural areas into the West Line Water Supply Project, and it is expected that the urban and rural integrated water supply in the Yinchuan region will be basically realized by the end of this year.”
Compaction Responsibility All Departments Strengthen Flood Control and Disaster Relief Work - China News Service |
Compaction Responsibility All departments intensify flood control and disaster relief work.
CCTV News (News Lianbo): News from the Ministry of Water Resources, at 12 o'clock today (July 25), the over-warning water level of the river section below Wangjiaba in the main stream of the Huaihe River was 0.64 to 3.31 meters, and the over-warning water level of the river section below Shashi in the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River and the two lakes was 0.05 to 2.02 meters.
Since the over-warning water level of Taihu Lake was exceeded on June 28, it has lasted 28 days.
At 12 o'clock today, the average water level of Taihu Lake was 4.67 meters, and the over-guaranteed water level was 0.02 meters.
Today, the National Defense General Economic Association consulted and judged and decided to continue to maintain the flood control level II response in the Yangtze and Huaihe Rivers, requiring all localities to compact their responsibilities and further implement various flood control and disaster relief efforts.
Today, the National Defense Office and the Ministry of Emergency Management urgently dispatched professional waterlogging vehicles from Shandong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang and Fujian to help Jiangxi solve problems such as urban waterlogging caused by heavy rainfall.
For the first time, the United States launched a countervailing investigation against China over the “undervaluation of the RMB exchange rate.”
In response to the recent announcement by the U.S. Department of Commerce, it decided to launch an anti-dumping and countervailing investigation on cable ties (tie-ties) products originating in China, and to launch an investigation on the “undervaluation of the RMB exchange rate” project.
The Ministry of Commerce pointed out that this is the first time that the United States has filed a case to investigate the so-called “undervaluation of the RMB exchange rate” project in a countervailing case, and the Chinese side is firmly opposed to this.
The Ministry of Commerce of China issued a press release on this issue in particular on the evening of the 23rd, saying that China implements a managed floating exchange rate system based on market supply and demand, adjusted with reference to a basket of currencies, and the market plays a decisive role in the formation of the exchange rate.
The press release emphasized that, on the whole, the RMB exchange rate is at a reasonable and balanced level and has not been undervalued.
Since 2005, the RMB has appreciated against the U.S. dollar by more than 17 percent cumulatively.
According to the data released by the Bank for International Settlements, from the beginning of 2005 to May 2020, the nominal effective exchange rate of the RMB appreciated by 38%, and the real effective exchange rate appreciated by 49%, making it the most powerful currency in the G20 economies and one of the most appreciated globally.
The Ministry of Commerce pointed out that the exchange rate issue is beyond the competence of members to conduct countervailing investigations in accordance with the rules of the World Trade Organization.
The United States amended its regulations in February this year to conduct countervailing investigations on the exchange rates of other countries, which has been suspected of violating WTO rules and has been opposed from many sides.
The press release said that even in accordance with the U.S. regulations, the applicant’s complaint contained a large number of errors, and did not have the necessary elements of countervailing duties such as financial assistance, granting of benefits, and obligatory nature.
The Chinese side urges the U.S. side to abide by existing international rules and stop conducting countervailing investigations on the so-called “undervaluation of the RMB exchange rate”.
Affected by the further increase in Sino-U.S. tensions, the exchange rates of offshore and onshore RMB against the US dollar fell sharply on the 22nd, and both fell below the 7.0 mark against the US dollar.
Whether this move by the US Department of Commerce intends to force the RMB to rise is worthy of attention.
The spot exchange rate against the US dollar rose above the 7.0 mark on the 23rd and closed at 6.9961.
The officially regulated central parity of the RMB exchange rate against the US dollar was lowered by 17 basis points on the 24th to 6.9938.
With the gradual improvement of the epidemic situation, the film and television industry, which has been silent for nearly half a year, has gradually returned to normal.
A few days ago, the Organizing Committee of the 26th Shanghai TV Festival announced the shortlist for this year’s Magnolia Awards.
In terms of best actress and actress, the strength school Mesozoic actors have an absolute advantage, Lei Jiayin, Chen Baoguo, Zhang Ruoyun, Sun Honglei, Huang Lei will compete for the best actor, and Hai Qing, Ma Yili, Qin Hailu, Sun Li, and Yan Ni will compete for the best actress.
The results will be officially announced on August 7th.
From the current point of view, cutting through the topic of the college entrance examination, depicting the reality education theme TV drama “Xiao Huanxi” of “Chinese-style family”, and won 6 nominations for “Best Chinese TV Drama”, “Best Director”, “Best Screenplay”, “Best Actress”, and “Best Supporting Actress”.
The “Best Actress” award has always been one of the focus of attention from the outside world, and this year’s competition is also extraordinarily fierce. The shortlisted male and female actors are all good showmen of the strength school, and Chen Baoguo, Huang Lei, Lei Jiayin, Sun Honglei, Zhang Ruoyun will compete for the “Best Actor”.
Chen Baoguo, Huang Lei, and Sun Honglei are all highly qualified Mesozoic actors, 37-year-old Lei Jiayin is also a strength school actor, and as for 32-year-old Zhang Ruoyun, she is the youngest nominee.
In 2016, 34-year-old Hu Ge won the Magnolia Award for Best Actor with “The Langya List”, becoming the youngest TV emperor in the award, and this year Zhang Ruoyun will break this record if he can beat several other predecessors.
The competition for the best actress is also finally settled among the mainstay actresses in the film and television industry, Hai Qing, Ma Yili, Qin Hailu, Sun Li, and Yan Ni, and none of them are shortlisted.
It is worth mentioning that Sun Li is nominated for the award for the sixth time with her role in “An Family House” and this is the sixth time she has been nominated for the award. In 2014 and 2016, she won the “Best Actress” twice for “The True Story of Hot Mom” and “The Legend of the Moon” respectively.
The Fujian Provincial Health and Health Commission notified the latest new crown pneumonia epidemic situation on the morning of the 26th, saying that from 0-24 o’clock on July 25, Fujian Province reported 1 new imported asymptomatic infection from outside the province, 1 new overseas imported confirmed case, and 4 overseas imported asymptomatic infections.
Among them, the newly added overseas imported asymptomatic infections were imported from Dalian, Liaoning Province (Fuzhou reported), and the newly imported overseas confirmed imported cases were imported from the Philippines (Xiamen reported), and 4 new overseas imported asymptomatic infections were added, of which: 1 imported from the United States (Fuzhou reported), and 3 imported from the Philippines (Xiamen reported).
As of 24:00 on July 25, Fujian Province had reported a total of 69 imported confirmed cases from abroad, 66 had been cured and discharged, 3 were currently hospitalized, and no deaths were reported; 0 currently reported overseas imported suspected cases; 13 existing reported overseas imported asymptomatic infections were still under centralized isolation medical observation; 296 locally reported confirmed local cases (295 cured and discharged, 0 currently hospitalized, 1 death); 0 existing locally reported local suspected cases; 1 existing reported overseas imported asymptomatic infections were still receiving centralized isolation medical observation.
At present, 14,962 close contacts have been released from medical observation, and 324 are still under medical observation.
Nearly 2.4 million confirmed cases in Brazil The city of Rio announces the cancellation of New Year’s Eve celebrations - Chinanews.com |
Data show that as of now, Brazil has the second largest number of cumulative confirmed cases and deaths in the world, second only to the United States.
The worst-hit state of São Paulo has nearly 480,000 cumulative confirmed cases and more than 20,000 deaths.
Ceara and Rio de Janeiro states have confirmed more than 160,000 cases and 150,000 cases, respectively, and Para and Bahia states have both confirmed more than 140,000 cases.
And Maranhão and Minas Genes have also both confirmed more than 110,000 cases.
Rio de Janeiro Mayor Marcelo Crivella announced on the 25th that in view of the continuous spread of the new crown pneumonia epidemic in Brazil and effective vaccines have not yet been available, the city decided to cancel the 2021 New Year celebrations.
In the past, the city held celebrations at the famous Copacabana Beach on the occasion of the new year’s zero, and the New Year’s Eve event on the last day of 2019 attracted 2.9 million people.
At the same time, the city also decided to postpone the 2021 Carnival event from February next year to September.
Sao Paulo Mayor Bruno Covas has announced on the 24th that the city has canceled the New Year’s Eve celebrations scheduled for December 31 this year on Paulista Avenue and postponed the 2021 Carnival to the end of May or early July next year.
Venezuelan foreign minister accuses the United States of fabricating lies to attack China unprovoked - Xinhua English.news.cn |
Arreaza said the US government's recent constant pressure on China in politics, diplomacy, economy and public opinion is an unfounded attack on a sovereign country.
Arreaza retweeted the tweet posted by Chinese Ambassador to Venezuela Li Baorong on his personal account earlier in the day and made the above comments.
In his tweet, Li Baorong said that the Chinese side strongly condemns the US side for forcibly entering the Chinese Consulate General in Houston, which is a serious violation of the Vienna Convention on Consular Relations and the Sino-US Consular Treaty, and the Chinese side will make a proper and necessary response to this.
Venezuelan Vice President Rodriguez, Deputy Foreign Minister Carlos Long and other government officials in charge of North American affairs, prominent social figures and mainstream media reporters have also retweeted Li Baorong's tweet, condemning the US's actions as a serious violation of international law.
The 26th is the day before Philippine President Duterte’s fifth State of the Nation Address (SONA) during his term of office, when the cumulative number of confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia in the Philippines surpassed 80,000 on that day, of which the number of confirmed cases of the staff of the Presidential Office (PCOO) and its directly affiliated agencies increased to 25 cases.
To this end, the PCOO has specially prepared a working group who has not been in contact with the confirmed staff members to cooperate with President Duterte’s press release of the SONA.
PCOO Secretary Martin Andanar said in an interview with DZBB radio on the 26th that two sets of plans have been prepared for the way President Duterte will deliver the SONA.
According to Plan A, Duterte will deliver the SONA at the Philippine Congress (Batasang Pambansa) building in Quezon City on the afternoon of the 27th.
Because of the epidemic, only 50 seats are arranged on site for some government cabinet members and lawmakers, and a video conference room is set up for other cabinet members, local government officials, and others to watch.
All participants can enter the Congress building through rapid testing on the same day.
Once one of the participants tests positive, Plan B will be launched, that is, President Duterte will deliver the SONA at the Malacañang Palace, the presidential palace, and fewer listening seats will be arranged on-site.
As is customary, the SONA will be broadcast live to the Philippine nation in real time.
As of press time, the Philippine Presidential Office has not confirmed whether Duterte’s family members will attend the SONA.
Andanar said that President Duterte’s SONA will focus on how the government will lead the Philippines to respond to the new crown pneumonia epidemic and restore social and economic life, and will also mention his commitments when he took office, namely anti-corruption, combating illegal drugs, and reducing poverty.
Duterte will also explain other plans of the current administration, including creating more job opportunities, revitalizing the economy, promoting education, and helping overseas Filipino workers who are suffering in the epidemic.
Yinchuan: Classification and implementation of policies to support kindergartens to stabilize the teaching team-Xinhua.
Xinhua News Agency, Yinchuan, July 26 (Reporter Ai Fumei) Affected by the epidemic, the kindergartens in Yinchuan City, Ningxia have not yet resumed kindergartens, especially the increased financial pressure on private kindergartens, which will have a certain impact on the stability of the kindergarten teacher team and the sustainable development in the future.
In response to this, Yinchuan City has taken a number of measures such as pre-allocating subsidies for inclusive private kindergartens, providing post stabilization subsidies to non-inclusive private kindergartens, and reducing or exempting private kindergarten rents to support these kindergartens in stabilizing the teaching team.
According to the relevant policies of Yinchuan City, during the epidemic period, for the organizers of inclusive private kindergartens (including those that have been converted to inclusive kindergartens after governance in urban communities) with reference to the minimum wage standard in the three districts, the city finances will pre-allocate 6-month subsidy funds for teachers’ wages and social insurance costs in accordance with the standard of 1,000 yuan per student per student per year for inclusive private kindergartens.
While for non-inclusive private kindergartens that also provide teachers and staff with a monthly basic living allowance of no less than 1,660 yuan, Yinchuan City will arrange 6-month subsidy funds as post-stabilization subsidies for preschool teachers in accordance with the standard of subsidy of 500 yuan per student per student per year.
At the same time, for private kindergartens that lease state-owned assets-operated housing, Yinchuan City will reduce housing rent for 3 months during the period of epidemic prevention and control, and encourage other rental entities such as developers to assume social responsibilities, reduce or exempt kindergarten rent, reduce or exempt more than 3 months, and reduce or exempt relevant taxes and fees in accordance with policies.
The No. 3 Flood Formation of the Yangtze River in 2020 The Ministry of Water Resources refines and implements response measures-Zhongxin.com.
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Hu Lu) On the 26th, the No. 3 flood of the Yangtze River in 2020 formed.
On the 26th, when presiding over the meeting, E Jingping, Minister of Water Resources, requested that the Three Gorges Reservoir be finely dispatched, overall consideration of incoming water from the upper reaches of the Yangtze River and Dongting Lake, implementation of peak staggered scheduling, leaving sufficient storage capacity to prepare to face possible major floods, and ensuring the flood control safety of the main stream of the middle and lower reaches and the important embankment of Dongting Lake.
It is predicted that in the next 3 days, there will be heavy to heavy rain in parts of the eastern southwest, southern Jianghuai, northern western Jiangnan and southern eastern Hubei, central Guangxi and other places, including northern Hunan, southwestern Jiangsu and other places, and moderate to heavy rain in central and western parts of North China, among which there will be some heavy rain in the central part of Hebei.
The Ministry of Water Resources expects that due to its impact, the inflow of the Three Gorges Reservoir in the upper reaches of the Yangtze River may reach about 60,000 cubic meters per second around the 28th, and the water level of the Liantang River section of the middle reaches of the mainstream and Dongting Lake will rise again and exceed the preservation of about 0.20 meters; the water level of the middle reaches of the Huaihe River will generally recede slowly, and the water level of Hongze Lake will continue to rise slowly; the rivers such as the Qingda River system of the Haihe River and the Yongding River will continue to rise slowly.
E Jingping proposed that the Huaihe River Basin should further increase flood discharge efforts, lower the water level of Hongze Lake as soon as possible, and prepare to face possible major floods.
It is necessary to fully do a good job in the response to heavy rain and floods in the Yishu Surabaya River system.
He said that the Taihu Lake Basin should continue to increase flood drainage efforts without letting up, reduce the water level of Taihu Lake and the surrounding river network as soon as possible, and reduce the risk of high water level of Taihu Lake and typhoons encounter.
In addition, he emphasized that northern areas such as Inner Mongolia and Hebei have steep floods rise and fall, and the warning time is short, which can easily cause mountain torrents and debris flow disasters, and the defense is difficult; the number of small and medium reservoirs and siltation dams is large, and there are hidden safety risks.
58 APPs that infringe on user rights have been exposed, involving more than ten listed companies - Zhongxin.com.
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology reported that in accordance with laws and regulations such as the Cybersecurity Law, the Telecommunications Regulations, and the Provisions on the Protection of Personal Information of Telecommunications and Internet Users, a third-party testing agency was recently organized to inspect mobile phone application software and urged companies with problems to make rectifications.
The problems of these 58 APPs include privately collecting personal information, collecting personal information beyond the scope, frequently applying for permissions, excessively requesting permissions, difficult account cancellation, sharing to third parties privately, and not giving permission without giving permission.
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology requires that the 58 APPs should complete rectification implementation work before July 30, and if rectification is not made within the time limit, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology will organize relevant disposal work in accordance with laws and regulations.
Zhongxin Jingwei reporters combed and found that behind the notified 58 APPs, more than ten U.S. stocks, Hong Kong stocks, and A-share listed companies are involved.
For example, “Fangduoduo” is a product of the U.S. stock listed company Fangduoduo, and there are five major problems of privately collecting personal information, exceeding the scope of collecting personal information, privately sharing to third parties, forcing users to use the directional push function, and frequently applying for permissions.
Public information shows that Fangduoduo landed on Nasdaq in November 2019 and is “the first domestic Internet SaaS (software-based service) model real estate intermediary company” to provide online solutions for many intermediary merchants.
In response to the “Qunar.com” APP account cancellation problem pointed out in the circular, Qunar.com responded that in order to prevent black properties from using frequent registrations and cancellations to seek benefits, Qunar.com has registered on the basis of self-registration, and the cancellation needs to be set at a one-month interval.
Taking into account the convenience of cancellation and account security, the cancellation has been changed to take effect immediately, and is currently awaiting review.
An unnamed cybersecurity expert told Zhongxin Jingwei clients that the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology has issued notifications of APPs infringing on users’ rights and interests like this three times this year.
Among them, the three problems of privately collecting personal information, excessively requesting permissions, and difficulty in account cancellation are “management” repeatedly.
It can also be found from the notification that APP privacy infringement has attracted more and more attention at present.
On July 24, on the same day that 58 APPs infringing on users’ rights and interests were notified, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology stated that it has issued a notice a few days ago to deploy and carry out special rectification actions to promote the infringement of users’ rights and interests by APPs in depth.
The special rectification will strengthen supervision and inspection in accordance with regulations, urge relevant enterprises to strengthen APP personal information protection, promptly rectify and eliminate outstanding problems such as illegal collection, use of user personal information and harassment of users, deception and misleading users, and inadequate implementation of management responsibilities for application distribution platforms, and purify the APP application space.
Lewis family: John Lewis was a warrior who “fought for the weakest.”
John Lewis, a U.S. congressman and civil rights fighter, was remembered as a warrior who “fought for the weakest” at a memorial service held for him on Saturday (July 25).
Lewis’ public memorial service has been held in Alabama since Saturday.
There were two memorial services on the first day.
At the public memorial service at Troy University in Alabama on Saturday, Lewis’ five siblings and a grandchild spoke of him as a loving, fearless, family-oriented man.
“He dedicated his life to helping others,” Lewis’ youngest brother, Henry “Grant” Lewis, said during the service.
Samuel Lewis said his mother had warned John “not to cause trouble, not to cause trouble.”
He added that John had not heeded his mother’s warning, saying, “We all know that John is always going to cause trouble, always making trouble, but that’s because insisting on what is right, that’s a good trouble.”
Lewis’ siblings reminded those at the memorial service that John’s most famous argument was to go and make “good trouble,” that is, to avoid provoking trouble as long as it is for the sake of justice.
John once applied to Troy University, located in Troy, Alabama, where he was born, yet Troy University, then an all-white school, rejected his application for admission.
The John Lewis, who preached the gospel to chickens on his family’s farm as a child, eventually earned a degree in religion and philosophy from Fisk University.
Years later, Troy University awarded Lewis an honorary doctorate.
Senator Doug Jones, a congressman from Alabama, said current protesters are protesting “peacefully and non-violently,” as Lewis did during the civil rights movement.
According to Jones, “Even if President Trump overturned a boatload of people with a pole and called all the protesting masses a thug, he was wrong.
The protesting masses are patriots who want America to move toward a more equal nation.”
A six-day series of events in memory of Lewis will culminate this week with a funeral in Georgia.
Lewis’ coffin was parked Saturday at a public memorial service at the University of Troy, where people came to pay their respects to the civil rights movement pioneer.
A public memorial service was followed by a private ceremony paying tribute to him at a chapel in Selma, Alabama, later Saturday.
On Sunday, Lewis’ body will pass by the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma.
It was in front of the bridge that he and a crowd of demonstrators demanding the right of blacks to vote in 1965 were bludgeoned by Alabama State Police, who also fired tear gas at the demonstrators.
Lewis was nearly beaten to death at the time.
The day will later be known as “Bloody Sunday.”
Lewis’ remains will be transported to Montgomery, Alabama’s capital.
Mayor Steven Reed encouraged people to line up on the sidewalk to join Lewis for this final ride.
Meanwhile, officials are asking the public to wear masks and maintain social distancing while participating in the event.
Alabama Gov. Kay Ivey ordered flags to be flown at half-staff on Saturday and Sunday in Lewis’ memory.
During the nearly week-long commemoration, Lewis’ remains will be placed separately at the Alabama State Capitol in Montgomery, the Georgia State Capitol in Atlanta, and the U.S. Capitol in Washington for a short layoff for the public to pay their respects.
U.S. House Speaker Nancy Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell announced last week that people can come to the U.S. Capitol this Monday and Tuesday to pay their respects to Lewis.
A public event in memory of Lewis will be held outdoors due to the coronavirus pandemic.
Shenzhen publicly solicits opinions on the introduction of health regulations - Xinhuanet.
Xinhua News Agency, Shenzhen, July 26 (Reporter Mao Siqian, Bai Yu) Encourage residents to do physical examinations frequently and find problems early; prohibit the sale of alcoholic beverages to minors; establish a health review system for online games; employers should equip full-time and part-time health management personnel... The Shenzhen Special Economic Zone Health Regulations (Consultation Draft) was officially released a few days ago, and Shenzhen residents will have their own "health law".
In order to encourage residents to do physical examinations frequently and detect problems early, the above-mentioned consultation draft proposes that the health department should formulate a basic catalogue of health checkup items based on factors such as different ages, occupations, and so on.
The health checkup fees that fall within the scope of the basic catalogue of health checkup items are paid by the social medical insurance coordinating fund according to the standard of once per person per year.
The consultation draft makes clear that employers should rationally allocate human resources, arrange staff working hours, implement a rotation system for employees with heavy mental and physical labor load, avoid excessive wear and tear of human functions or physical and mental health damage to employees' health, and strictly implement the employee paid leave system.
In addition, employers should be equipped with full-time and part-time health management personnel, and regularly organize and carry out employee health checkups.
In terms of the physical and mental health of minors, the consultation draft proposes that it is forbidden to sell alcoholic beverages to minors, while restrictions on the sales positions of alcoholic beverages are imposed, and for violations of the regulations, the market supervision and management department will order corrections and impose a fine of 30,000 yuan.
In addition to "prohibition of alcohol", minors should also "exercise more".
According to the consultation draft, schools should arrange for students' physical activity time for more than one hour every day.
For online games, public security, culture, radio and television tourism, sports supervision, and health departments should improve the health supervision system for Internet service business premises, establish a health review system for online games, and create a good communication space and communication culture for promoting the healthy growth of young people.
In addition, the consultation draft also proposes that flu patients must wear masks when entering and exiting public places, and medical and health institutions shall be fined 20,000 yuan for leaking patient privacy without consent.
It is worth noting that, in addition to the physical and mental health of residents, the consultation draft also requires that all departments in Shenzhen should evaluate the impact of public policy implementation on population health before formulating planning and normative documents involving urban space planning and construction, industrial park planning and construction, resource development and utilization and ecological environmental protection, biomedical industry development, and approving major construction projects and implementing major public service projects.
Those that have not been evaluated or will have a relatively serious adverse impact on urban public health or residents’ health shall not be formulated or approved for implementation.
2020-07-26 19:44:50 Source: People's Net Author: Zhu Yanjing Responsible Editor: Zhu Yanjing.
Recently, during his inspection in Jilin Province, General Secretary Xi Jinping emphasized that it is necessary to strengthen the party's leadership, promote the extension of the party organization to the most grassroots level, improve the grassroots party organization work system, and provide a strong guarantee for urban and rural community governance.
Adhering to the leadership of party building and implementing the party's leadership to all aspects and links in all fields of grassroots governance are the directional fundamental requirements for doing a good job in grassroots governance work.
To improve the level of grassroots governance, we must adhere to the leadership of party building, and by strengthening political leadership, building a battle fortress, and condensing red forces, we must transform the party's political advantages, organizational advantages, and mass work advantages into governance advantages, and transmit the party's strength and proposition to the "nerve tip" "last mile."
Focus on supplementing calcium to cast souls and strengthening political leadership.
To strengthen the political leadership of grassroots governance, the "calcium supplementation and casting soul" project must be well implemented.
It is necessary to take learning to understand Xi Jinping's socialist thought with Chinese characteristics in the new era as the primary task, and to make "not forgetting the original heart and keeping in mind the mission" as the eternal topic of party construction and the lifelong topic of party members and cadres, strengthen the original texts and understand the principles, and continue to push forward the party's innovative theory of armed force through special training, batch training, seminars and exchanges, holding large lectures, etc., and push party members and cadres to further strengthen the "four consciousnesses", firm "four self-confidences", and achieve "two maintenance" to better perform their duties.
Through the combination of online and offline learning methods, broaden learning and education channels, guide grassroots party organizations and party cadres to truly integrate learning into daily education, and constantly grasp.
Focus on practice and exercise, solve the troubles and troubles that the masses are concerned about well, and temper the party's performance and ability in the process of resolving key and difficult problems in the field of grassroots governance.
Grasp the norms and upgrade the battle fortress.
Grassroots party organizations are not only an important part of the grassroots governance system, but also an important carrier for the manifestation of governance capabilities.
To promote the standardized construction of grassroots party organizations, we must start with grasping the working regulations of party branches, focus on problems such as weakening and virtualization of party organization leadership, and consolidate the foundation, make up for shortcomings, and promote development through the establishment of an up-and-down linkage mechanism, innovating the form of branch setting, normalizing the rectification of weak and scattered, establishing and improving the decision-making and discussion mechanism, and serving the masses.
In rural areas, strengthen the standardized construction of village-level party organizations, standardize organizational forms, learning activities, and management mechanisms against the standardized construction standards of party branches, and earnestly promote the detailed implementation of systems such as “three meetings and one lesson” and theme party day activities.
In cities, pay attention to street communities, explore innovative branch setting forms, focus on weak areas, “blocking points” and “pain points,” and actively build urban party-building alliances, so that the work of the party can be effectively covered.
At the same time, establish and improve the grassroots governance governance system and mechanism, improve the decision-making and discussion mechanism of joint discussion of major matters, jointly handle practical matters, jointly resolve important matters, jointly discuss urgent matters, solve difficult matters, and serve the masses, improve the mechanism for party members and cadres to contact and serve the masses, gather the hearts of the people in serving the people, enhance the sense of gain, happiness, honor, and pride of party members and the masses, and make grassroots governance more warm.
Play a pioneering role and condense red power.
Grassroots party members and cadres are the cornerstone of grassroots governance.
Improve grassroots governance capabilities, focus on improving the governance capabilities of grassroots party members and cadres, focus on giving play to the leading role of “red cells” in grassroots governance demonstrations, and cohesive red forces at the forefront of contacting the masses.
It is necessary to make improving governance capacity as a compulsory course for grassroots party members and cadres, constantly strengthen ideological refinement, professional training, practical exercise, carry forward the spirit of responsibility in their own posts and in urgent, difficult and dangerous tasks, and lay a solid foundation and contribute to the modernization of the national governance system and governance capacity.
It is necessary to extensively carry out “community whistle blowing, party members reporting” activities, and participate in community construction, management and service by participating in theme party day activities, contacting the difficult masses, determining service projects, recognizing small wishes, and making reasonable suggestions through forms such as participating in theme party day activities, contacting the difficult masses, determining service projects, recognizing small wishes, and making reasonable suggestions, so that party members can play a role in community governance.
It is necessary to give full play to the role of unemployed party members in rural areas, and guide the majority of grassroots party members to actively participate in various tasks such as poverty alleviation, ecological construction, petitioning to maintain stability, and straw banning by setting up vanguard posts for unemployed party members and forming work teams for unemployed party members, so as to better integrate the red forces and serve the people.
A solid foundation is a strong building.
The grassroots party organization is the foundation of the ruling building.
Only by sticking to close the relationship between the party and the masses and increasing the well-being of the people as the focus, and taking the leadership of party building as the fundamental way to promote the innovative development of grassroots governance, can we build a solid foundation, let the grassroots party organizations pull out and stand up, grassroots party members and cadres can catch up and rush up, and promote grassroots governance to have a "soul", orderly, powerful and effective.
Author: Lin Ao
Kekexili Tibetan antelope enters back migration season-Xinhua.
Xining, July 25 (Reporter Wang Jinjin) The reporter learned from the Wudaoliang Conservation Station of the Kekexili Management Office of the Yangtze Riveryuan Park of the Sanjiangyuan National Park Administration that monitoring shows that Tibetan antelopes that had previously migrated to the Zhuonai Lake area in the hinterland of Kekexili are ending their calves one after another and began to return to their original habitat with their cubs.
The monitoring footage near the Wudaoliang Conservation Station shows that on July 25, about 40 female Tibetan antelopes led three Tibetan antelope cubs through 3002 kilometers of the Qinghai-Tibet Highway and the Wudaoliang North Bridge of the Qinghai-Tibet Railway, and the Tibetan antelopes have begun to move back.
Experts analyzed that in recent years, the number of Tibetan antelope pups in the relocated herd accounted for one-fourth to one-fifth of the overall number of Tibetan antelope flocks.
"In the early stage of relocation, Tibetan antelopes face a high risk of predation, so the number of cubs in the flock will be relatively small, and there may even be no cubs," said Lian Xinming, an associate researcher at the Northwest Institute of Plateau Biology of the Chinese Academy of Sciences.
According to statistics from the Kekexili Management Office of the Yangtze River Source Park of the Sanjiangyuan National Park Administration, the overall number of Tibetan antelope relocating is increasing year by year, and the number of Tibetan antelope relocating back in 2019 was 4,860, an increase of 338 from 2018 .
"It is expected that the relocation of Tibetan antelopes will end in early September this year, and the number of relocated Tibetan antelopes is still expected to continue to increase," Lian Xinming said.
Tibetan antelopes are a first-class national protected animal.
At the end of May every year, Tibetan antelopes from Sanjiangyuan in Qinghai, Qiangtang in Tibet, and Aerjin Mountain in Xinjiang go to Zhuonai Lake, located in the hinterland of Kekexili, to lamb.
Wu Xiaomin, a Tibetan antelope conservation expert in China and a researcher at the Shaanxi Institute of Zoology (Northwestern Institute of Endangered Animals), said, "Tibetan antelope relocation is a process in which female Tibetan antelopes return to their habitat with their cubs one after another after the end of calving. At first, the relocated group that left the calving area is relatively large, but then Tibetan antelopes will return to their respective habitats along different paths according to different geographical populations."
In order to ensure the safe relocation of the Tibetan antelope herd, the reporter learned that the Kekexili Management Office of the Changjiangyuan Park of the Sanjiangyuan National Park Administration has arranged staff to continue video monitoring and area patrols in the main relocation area.
If a herd of Tibetan antelopes is found trying to cross the highway, the mountain patrol team will conduct temporary traffic control at the first time to allow the flock to pass through the wildlife passage safely, ensuring that they are as little disturbed by humans as possible during the relocation.
So, how to relieve heatstroke in daily life?
Experts suggest that when going out in summer, try to avoid high temperature periods, and it is best not to walk or labor under the hot sun around noon, because the sun is strongest during this period, and the possibility of heat stroke is higher.
If you must go out during this period, you must do protective work, such as taking a parasol, wearing a sun hat, wearing sunglasses, and if conditions permit, it is best to apply sunscreen to prevent sunburn.
Try to use light-colored, air-permeable cotton, hemp, and silk textures as far as possible, and wear less chemical fiber clothing, so as not to dissipate heat in time when sweating a lot, causing heat stroke.
When it is hot and sultry, prepare plenty of water and drink it in time, and don’t wait to drink water when you are thirsty, because once you feel thirsty, the body is already dehydrated, and each time you drink water is controlled at 150 ml to 200 ml, drink warm water, and do not drink ice water.
According to the temperature, the average person drinks 1.5 liters to 2 liters of water a day, and the high temperature workers drink 3 liters to 5 liters of water a day.
When sweating more, some salt water can be properly added to make up for the salt lost by the body due to sweating.
In addition, the body is prone to potassium deficiency in summer, which makes people feel tired and tired, and potassium-containing tea is an excellent summer drink.
In summer, eat more fruits and vegetables with high water content, such as lettuce, cucumbers, tomatoes, etc. Fresh fruits, such as peaches, apricots, watermelons, and melons, have a water content of 80% to 90%, which can be used to replenish water. Dairy products can not only replenish water, but also meet the nutritional needs of the body.
In addition, people who work in a high temperature environment should properly supplement drinks containing elements such as potassium and magnesium.
The length of summer days and nights, high temperature, the body’s metabolism is strong, it is also consumed, and it is easy to feel fatigued.
Adequate sleep can relax the brain and body systems, which is not only conducive to work and study, but also a measure to prevent heat stroke.
Experts say that the best bedtime is 22 to 23 hours, and the best time to get up is 5:30 to 6:30.
Pay attention not to lie under the air conditioning outlet and electric fan during sleep, so as to avoid air conditioning diseases and heat stroke.
Experts suggest that people who are active outdoors or working at high temperatures can carry ten drops of water, Rendan, Huoxiang Zhengqi water or Huoxiang Zhengqi pills and other heatstroke prevention drugs, or place them in the nearest workplace and use them at any time to prevent heatstroke.
Graduate art exhibition moved into the mall for public welfare exhibition - Xinhuanet.com.
In the season of "cloud graduation" of major colleges and universities, a rare offline graduate art exhibition opened warmly last weekend.
However, it was neither in the art museum nor on the campus, but appeared in the public space of Chaoyang Joy City, and was open to the public for free, and will last until August 23rd.
The reporter learned that this 2020 graduate art exhibition has solicited 50 pieces/group works from 57 young artists from the Central Academy of Fine Arts, Communication University of China and Tianjin Academy of Fine Arts. The exhibition space extends from the 2nd floor to the 6th floor, and makes full use of the light boxes in the building for the flat display of works to maximize the artistic atmosphere of the graduation season.
Under the epidemic situation, the significance of this exhibition is particularly special.
Ge Pingyan, the head of Chaoyang Joy City Meichen: "We chose to bring the graduation exhibition to the 'cloud' back to the offline space again, and we also hope that more people can see the youth's exploration of themselves and understanding of the world, and amplify the healing power of art for society and the soul."
She revealed that the works exhibited this time were solicited from graduates of several major art colleges, and from them, they selected works suitable for commercial space display, ranging from traditional shelf paintings and sculptures to new media installations, interactive animations, and VR panoramas, with the most volume and richness in the calendar year.
Among them, Li Yunxiao expressed his feelings in the epidemic through a mixed language of mechanical and manual creation in "The First Battle of 2020"; Liu Jiaying's work Sound Money created through the Ethereum blockchain explored themes such as "cryptocurrency", "creation", "transaction"; Zhang Jiaqi's "Cat" and Qiu Daqiang's "Reinforcement" are both animals that often accompany human beings, from which you can see young artists' understanding of the relationship between humans and animals; and Zhu Zhongyu's work "Faith—Gift in Winter" is to remind young people growing up, "When you have a career one day, don't forget the original heart, remember the simplicity and sincerity."
Among the few graduates who set up the exhibition in person was Li Jingyin from the Sculpture Department of Tianjin Academy of Fine Arts.
"I came to Beijing on July 7. I was actually a little worried about the epidemic at that time, and I also did a nucleic acid test three days in advance, and I brought alcohol cotton and a test report to set up the exhibition."
His work "Yesterday as a Mystery" has a relatively complicated structure, and he must do it himself.
At the same time, he is also undertaking the task of helping his classmates repair the damaged works.
"The exhibition was set up until 4:30 in the morning, and then the repair was done. The time was very tight, and I forgot to take a photo with the work, which is also a bit regretful."
He hopes that when the epidemic situation is more stable, he will come to Beijing with his classmates to see his work exhibition.
(Reporter Li Li)
That morning, Bolsonaro, 65, posted a photo on Twitter in which he was wearing sneakers and without a mask, sitting in front of a table where breakfast was placed, with a smile on his face, thumbs up in one hand, and a box of hydroxychloroquine medicines in the other.
He tweeted: "Good morning everyone! New crown virus test result: negative."
However, Bolsonaro did not specify when the test for the new crown virus turned negative was carried out.
On July 5, Bolsonaro showed symptoms of new crown pneumonia, and on the 6th, he tested positive for the virus, and on the 7th, he declared through live TV that he had been diagnosed with new crown pneumonia.
On the 14th and 21st, Bolsonaro took two more new crown virus tests, and the results were still positive.
During the quarantine, Bolsonaro repeatedly displayed the hydroxychloroquine drug he took through social media live broadcasts, and said that hydroxychloroquine has a good effect on new crown pneumonia, and he feels very well after taking it, and his physical condition is good thanks to hydroxychloroquine, advocating that Brazilian medical institutions use hydroxychloroquine drugs to treat new crown pneumonia.
According to Brazilian media reports, as of now, there are five other cabinet ministers and 10 governors in Brazil who have been confirmed to be infected with new crown pneumonia.
A small plane crashed in the Swiss Alps, all 4 people on board were killed - China News Service |
Chinanews.com, July 26 (Xinhua) -- On July 25, local time, the Swiss police informed the media that a small plane crashed in the Swiss Alps on the 25th, according to the Euronet, citing the European Union News Agency.
The 2 Swiss and 2 Austrians on board were all killed in the accident.
According to reports, a police statement in the southern Swiss canton of Wallis said that a small plane crashed at an altitude of more than 3,000 meters near the peak of the Valais Alps, and rescuers rushed to the crash site to confirm that all 4 people on board were killed.
The Valais police said that a witness called the police at 12:25 noon on the 25th to report the case, saying that he witnessed a small plane fall from the sky.
A few minutes later, the witness again informed the police that there was billowing smoke from the crash site.
After receiving the alarm, the police quickly coordinated fire police officers, paramedics and rescuers and rushed to the accident site with a helicopter for rescue.
After the rescuers arrived at the crash site, they found that all 4 people on board had died.
After verification by the police, the victims in the accident included two Swiss, aged 50 and 66, and two Austrians, aged 46 and 50.
The police said that at present, the police are cooperating with the Swiss Transportation Safety Investigation Board to jointly investigate the cause of the crash.
Heavy rains in 33 districts and counties in Chongqing issue yellow and orange flood warnings - China News Service.
Chinanews.com Chongqing, July 26 (Reporter Liu Xianglin) The reporter learned from the Chongqing Municipal Water Conservancy Bureau on the 26th that heavy rains occurred in 33 districts and counties in Chongqing in the past 24 hours, of which 16 districts and counties experienced heavy rainstorms.
The heavy rains caused flooding in 71 small and medium-sized rivers in Chongqing, and the local area has issued two flood warnings successively.
According to the monitoring of the Chongqing Hydrological Monitoring Station, from 8:00 on the 25th to 8:00 on the 26th, heavy to heavy rains occurred in most areas of Chongqing, with local heavy rains.
Heavy rains occurred in 33 districts and counties such as Tongnan, Tongliang, and Hechuan, including 16 districts and counties such as Zhongxian, Kaizhou, and Wuxi.The maximum daily rainfall occurred in Longshan Village, Jinshan Town, Nanchuan, and the maximum daily rainfall was 197.5 mm.
71 small and medium-sized rivers such as Tongnan Fujiang, Qiongjiang, and Kaizhou Nanhe experienced 1 to 7-meter water swelling processes, and the highest water level did not exceed the warning level.
It is expected that from 8:00 on the 26th to 8:00 on the 27th, small and medium-sized rivers in most parts of Chongqing may experience swelling processes of varying degrees, and individual small and medium-sized rivers may experience floods exceeding the warning level.
The local area will also pay attention to the possible transit floods in the Yangtze River and Jialing River.
CBA welcomes the first batch of spectators after the rematch, and if you want to watch the playoffs, you should pay attention to these - Chinanews.com.
2020-07-26 20:26:01 Source: China News Network Author: Yue Chuan Responsible Editor: Yue Chuan.
Chinanews.com Client, July 26th According to the official news of the CBA league, the CBA Qingdao Division finally welcomed the first batch of fans admitted to the stadium after the resumption today.
The fans watching the match on the spot include the staff of Qingdao Mobile, as well as doctors, teachers, public security personnel and other people who have made outstanding contributions to the society during the epidemic. On July 31, this season’s CBA playoffs will officially start, and ticket sales for fans will also be officially resumed at that time.
Affected by the epidemic, the CBA league began its rematch on June 20 after being interrupted for nearly 5 months.
Although there were not many spectators admitted to watch the game on the afternoon of the 26th, the sense of camp at the scene was already obvious: some people were applauding, while others were silent.
The players on the field were tit-for-tat, and the fans off the court were also fighting in court, such a picture has not been seen for a long time.
If fans want to watch the game live during the playoffs, the following should be noted.
The venue where fans will be able to purchase tickets to watch the game this time is the Qingdao Guoxin Sports Center Diamond Stadium (Laoshan Division), where ticket sales fully implement the system of online real-name ticket purchase and offline real-name admission system, and all fans watching the game must be at least 12 years old and hold a nucleic acid test certificate within 48 hours.
Rewarding 50,000 yuan, Hubei Enshi commends the "first person for early warning" of the sand dam landslide - Chinanews.com.au.
Hubei Daily (Reporter Lin Jing) On July 26, Enshi City commended Chen Guangming, a geological disaster point monitor who made important contributions to the early warning of the sand dam landslide, and sent him a 50,000 yuan bonus.
At the same time, party members and cadres in the city were called on to learn his spirit of dedication, daring to take responsibility, taking initiative, and willingness to sacrifice.
On July 21, a landslide occurred in the sand dam of Mazhe Village, Tunbao Township, Enshi City, which led to the formation of a barrier lake in the main stream of the Qingjiang River, and 58-year-old Chen Guangming was the first person to warn of the landslide.
On the afternoon of July 17, Chen Guangming learned the news of the cracking of the wall in the villagers' home and immediately went to the site to check it.
He just walked five or six hundred meters from his home, and saw that the village group road was cracked by four or five centimeters, extending along the road to the cornfield, with a length of about 50 meters.
Chen Guangming became alert and sent photos of the cracking of the highway to the township "Geological Disaster Monitor Contact Group" for the first time.
After the relevant person in charge of the Tunbao Township Natural Planning Institute inspected and judged on the spot, the possibility of a landslide was very high, and the decision to evacuate the masses was immediately made.
Chen Guangming's timely early warning won 36 hours of precious time for the safe evacuation of 1,339 people from 3,315 households in the affected area.
No one was injured or killed in this major geological disaster.
Chen Guangming's serious and responsible dedication was praised by the masses.
In the face of the praise, he said, "There is no one who saved, it is my responsibility."
New drug developed by Australian University is expected to be used to treat blockage of blood vessels triggered by the new coronavirus-Xinhua.
Xinhua News Agency, SYDNEY, July 26 (Reporter Chen Yu) Researchers at Monash University in Australia are developing a new drug that can help prevent heart disease and stroke, and hope that the drug can be used to treat blockage of blood vessels triggered by the new coronavirus.
The researchers found that before a heart attack or stroke, an enzyme in platelets accelerates platelet clotting.
From this, they developed a drug that can temporarily inhibit platelet clotting, thereby avoiding blood vessel blockage, and playing a preventive role in heart disease and stroke.
The researchers said that the drug will only inhibit the clotting effect of platelets when there are signs of heart disease or stroke.
Since studies have shown that similar blood vessel blockages are one of the main causes of death in severely ill patients with the new crown, the researchers hope that the drug can be used in the treatment of such severe patients in the future.
At present, the drug has achieved good results in animal model experiments, and the researchers are preparing for the next phase of human clinical trials.
The research results have been published in the American journal Science · Translational Medicine a few days ago.
He became the first spectator to enter the stadium after the CBA league rematch allowed spectators to watch the game on-site.
On the same day, during the second phase (Laoshan Division) of the 2019-2020 season China Men's Basketball Professional League (CBA) rematch held in Qingdao, Shandong, medical staff, teachers, and public security front-line personnel entered the stadium to watch the game of Shanghai Jiushi Team against the Mountain East and West Kings after completing the relevant processes including nucleic acid testing through the official ticketing platform.
During the spectator game, spectators must wear masks throughout the game, take seats in pairs, and strictly maintain a one-meter distance between them.
When exiting the stadium, spectators must follow the order from back to front, first to both sides and then to the middle, maintaining the "one-meter line" social distance and orderly exit.
Xinjiang deep plowing "sunflower field" to make good use of clean energy - China News Service |
2020-07-26 15:43:42 Source: China News Network Author: Chen Haifeng Responsible Editor: Chen Haifeng.
China News Service Hami, Xinjiang, July 26 Title: Xinjiang deep plowing "sunflower field" makes good use of clean energy.
More than 6000 pentagonal heliostats, each of 48 square meters, are arranged neatly in a circle, like a silver "sunflower field", which rotates with the sun and reflects the sunlight to the heat absorption tower more than 200 meters high in the center to realize power generation.
The reporter saw this scene on the 25th at the CLP Hami molten salt tower solar thermal power plant in Naomaohu Town, Yiwu County, Hami City, Xinjiang.
"The so-called molten salt tower solar thermal power generation means that the sunlight is concentrated and reflected through the mirror surface to the heat absorption tower to form heat energy, and then the heat energy is converted into electricity through traditional power generation technology."
Zhang Yong, deputy general manager of CLP Hami Solar Thermal Power Co., Ltd., said that its design principle is similar to the solar cooker used in rural areas in northwest China, which must gather the sunlight.
The power plant started construction in October 2017 and was grid-connected at the end of last year, covering an area of 6,600 mu, and a total of 14,500 heliostats are planned to be installed.
"Compared with traditional solar power generation technology, its biggest advantage is that it can store the gathered heat energy, and it can also generate electricity at night."
Zhang Yong said that the 13-hour heat storage system configured in the project can keep the generator set in continuous operation without being affected by changes in light, and can also quickly participate in grid peak shaving according to the peak and valley demands of the grid load.
After the project is fully completed, it can achieve an annual power generation capacity of 198 million degrees, save more than 60,000 tons of standard coal, reduce emissions of more than 60 tons of sulfur dioxide, more than 60 tons of nitrogen oxides, about 20 tons of soot, and more than 150,000 tons of carbon dioxide, providing a steady stream of clean energy for the local area.
In addition, there is another silver "sunflower field" in the Shizi City Photovoltaic Industrial Park, Hami City.
The Hamifer Solar Photovoltaic Power Station covers an area of more than 2,300 acres, and the built 714 power generation devices also follow the rotation of the sun, always keeping the sun at a 90-degree right angle with the concentrating plate surface.
"We adopt dual-axis tracking concentrating power generation technology, and through unified integrated control, all power generation equipment will adjust the angle according to the height of the sun to maintain power generation efficiency."
Duan Mengqi, stationmaster of the power station, said that under good weather conditions, the power generation technology can increase the efficiency of power generation by about 20% compared with traditional photovoltaic power generation.
In the first half of this year, the power station has achieved more than 7 million kWh of power generation, supplementing the local electricity demand.
Shichengzi Photovoltaic Industrial Park is currently a photovoltaic industry demonstration park with the largest single scale and the most complete types of photovoltaic modules in Xinjiang, with a total of 38 photovoltaic power generation projects settled, with a total installed capacity of 820,000 kilowatts.
The completed power generation in the first half of this year exceeded 110 million kWh, an increase of 6% over the same period in 2019.
Hami is one of the regions with the best solar resource conditions in China.
The annual average total solar radiation is more than 6,200 megajoules per square meter, and the annual sunshine hours are about 3,200 hours.
In recent years, the city has vigorously developed the photovoltaic industry and planted “sunflower fields”.
A solar power generation scale with an installed capacity of more than 2.5 million kilowatts has been built, and the city’s photovoltaic power generation exceeded 1.4 billion kWh in the first half of this year, a year-on-year increase of about 14%.
At present, there are more than 330 grid-connected photovoltaic power stations in Xinjiang, with an installed capacity of over 10 million kilowatts.
It is expected that the annual photovoltaic power generation will reach 15 billion degrees this year, which can replace more than 6 million tons of standard coal.
Police report details of "female college student lost contact on tour in Qinghai" Search and rescue work continues - Xinhuanet.
Xining, July 26 (Reporter Wang Jinjin Zhou Zhe) Recently, the incident of "a female college student lost contact after traveling to Golmud, Qinghai" has attracted the attention of netizens.
The Public Security Bureau of Golmud City, Haixi Mongolian and Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Qinghai Province, reported on the 26th that Huang Moumou, a student from a university in Nanjing, is still in a state of missing contact, and the police in many places are going deep into the area where Huang Moumou lost contact and actively carry out search work.
On July 10, 2020, the public security detachment of Golmud City Public Security Bureau, Haixi Prefecture, received a notification from the superior that Huang Moumou, a student from a university in Nanjing, took the Z164 train from Nanjing to Golmud on July 5, and on July 9th, his mobile phone was turned off and lost contact at the southwest area of Qingshui River at Sonandajie Protection Station in Qumalai County, Yushu Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture, Qinghai Province, and requested assistance in finding it.
According to the investigation of Golmud City Public Security Bureau, Huang Moumou entered Qinghai Province at 19:54 on July 6 and arrived in Golmud City at 4:00 on the 7th.
At 8 o'clock on the same day, Huang Moumou, a lost person, took a taxi from Golmud Yellow River Hotel towards G109 National Road, and arrived at Korsili Sonandajie Protection Station at 12:00, and the taxi driver returned alone, Huang Moumou arrived at the Qingshui River area near Sonandajie Protection Station at 7:15 AM until it was shut down in the area at around 18:00 on 9th.
In further investigation, the police found that Huang Moumou had passed Naijigou Checkpoint at 17:07 on July 13th.
Naijigou Checkpoint is a checkpoint set up by Nagqu City, Tibet Autonomous Region at the Nanshan Pass of Golmud City. Since the checkpoint has no video surveillance, it is impossible to determine the information of himself and the vehicle he was traveling in, and the police can only drive along the way to find out, and coordinate the various checkpoints along the way in Tibet. If Huang Moumou is found, immediately contact the Golmud City Public Security Bureau.
According to the latest situation, at 1 a.m. on July 26, Golmud Public Security Bureau organized rescue forces to carry rescue equipment and went to the Unfrozen Spring Protection Station and Sonam Dajie Protection Station along the Qinghai-Tibet Highway to find out, and actively contacted the Sichuan police, Tibet police, and Nanjing police to carry out joint work. The search and rescue work is still continuing.
The local police hope that the majority of netizens and all walks of life will provide relevant clues to the Golmud police and Nanjing Jiangning police in a timely manner, and strive to find the lost person Huang Moumou as soon as possible.
At the same time, relevant experts have suggested that tourists should be standardized, rational and civilized when they are outdoors, pay attention to roadside warning signs at all times, never venture into no-man’s land, and call the police in time in case of emergencies.
U.S. media unveiled the truth about the U.S. side’s unwarranted request for China to close the consulate general in Houston - China News Service |
2020-07-26 14:40:44 Source: CCTV Network Author: Zhu Yanjing Editor in charge: Zhu Yanjing.
U.S. media unveiled the truth about the U.S. side’s unwarranted request for China to close the consulate general in Houston.
On the 24th, the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs notified the U.S. embassy in China that the Chinese side decided to revoke the establishment and operation license of the U.S. consulate general in Chengdu, and made a specific request for the consulate general to stop all business and activities, as a countermeasure against the U.S. side’s sudden request on the 21st to close the consulate general in Houston.
This behavior of the U.S. government has sparked multiple concerns, and its political motivation has been questioned by foreign media and scholars.
Why was the Chinese side required to close the consulate general?
Several foreign media said it is unclear why the U.S. would select the Chinese consulate general in Houston, but for the purpose of this move, foreign media said bluntly: for the general election.
CNN reported on the 23rd that the U.S. side’s move to ask China to close the consulate general in Houston has raised questions from the public about its political motivations.
The article said that the U.S. government’s disastrous response to the new crown epidemic has caused President Trump’s lower poll support rate before the election.
White House officials privately said that the tough strategy adopted against China was to save Trump’s approval rating, but also to divert the responsibility of the White House’s failed response to the epidemic.
The article believes that the Chinese consulate general in Houston is a “politically driven and very cautious” target chosen by the U.S. government, and that the U.S. government chose it “to create a tough attitude while avoiding the risk of causing major conflicts.”
The BBC also believes that at a time when the U.S. election season is approaching and the U.S. economy has been severely hit by the epidemic, Trump believes that “playing the ‘China card’ has a political advantage.”
The current situation is a “spiral, tit-for-tat struggle,” which is partly driven by the U.S. government from the perspective of domestic considerations, and will only worsen the tension between China and the U.S.
CBS reported that Trump’s re-election prospects have been under pressure due to the outbreak, and he has repeatedly blamed China for the outbreak.
Almost every day, the United States has a new action against Trump’s so-called “China exploits the United States” absurd argument.
“The Consulate General in Houston is important in building ties between the two countries”.
The Associated Press commented that the United States’ request for China to close the Consulate General in Houston has exacerbated tensions between the world’s two largest economies.
If the Chinese Consulate General in Houston is closed, in addition to the diplomatic implications, Chinese citizens located in the southern part of the United States face difficulties in accessing consular services, as do American citizens seeking visas and other services.
A Houston business group expressed regret over the U.S. request for China to close the Consulate General in Houston, saying that the Consulate General has played an important role in building trade, investment and cultural ties between the two countries.
The Associated Press believes that this reflects the importance of the Chinese economy.
The website of the American Foreign Policy magazine believes that this move by the U.S. side is “part of a series of provocative moves that will only worsen U.S.-China relations.”
Reuters quoted Jonathan Pollack, an expert on East Asian issues at the Brookings Institution, an American think tank, as saying that since the U.S. and China established full diplomatic relations in 1979, he can’t think of anything comparable to this U.S. action against the Chinese Consulate General in Houston.
Hong Kong’s South China Morning Post reported that this move by the U.S. side is unprecedented in more than 40 years of diplomatic relations between the two countries.
Analysts believe that this move could cause lasting damage.
The Chinese Consulate General in Houston was built in 1979 and was the first Chinese consulate general in the United States.
Currently, China has one embassy and five consulate generals in the United States.
Russia holds a military parade to celebrate the Navy Day - Xinhuanet.
On July 26, in St. Petersburg, Russia, a fleet of ships participated in the celebration of the Navy Day.
Xinhua News Agency (photo by Motina).
Xinhua News Agency, Moscow, July 26 (Reporter Lukinbo) All Russian fleets held a military parade on the 26th to celebrate the Navy Day to commemorate the 324th anniversary of the founding of the Russian Navy.
On the same day, the Russian North Sea, Baltic Sea, Black Sea, Caspian Sea and Pacific Fleets held military parades in the waters where their respective bases are located, with a total of 15,000 servicemen, 219 ships of various types and 71 military aircraft participating.
Russian President and Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces Putin attended the military parade of the Baltic Sea Fleet.
About 4,000 servicemen, 46 ships and more than 40 warplanes participated in the local military parade.
Putin first inspected the fleet of ships in the waters of the Kronstadt naval base in the Baltic Sea.
After that, he arrived in the waters of the Neva River in the center of St. Petersburg by speedboat and went ashore to watch the military parade held on the Neva River.
Putin made a speech at the military parade, saying that the modernization and technical level of Russian naval equipment has continued to improve in recent years, and that the Russian Navy will receive a total of about 40 new ships equipped with unique hypersonic strike systems in 2020. In a recent interview, Russian Navy Commander-in-Chief Yevmenov said in an interview with the Russian defense ministry newspaper Red Star newspaper that the plan to build Russian ships has been effectively implemented, and the number of new ships the Russian Navy plans to receive in 2020 is on a larger scale in recent years.
In 1696, Tsar Peter the Great set out to build a maritime fleet, which opened up the history of the Russian Navy.
The last Sunday in July every year is the Russian Navy Day. #Russian Navy Day;

In response to the new changes in epidemic prevention and control work, since July 17, trade unions at all levels in Xinjiang have responded to the call of the Autonomous Region Federation of Trade Unions to actively participate in epidemic prevention and control work.
Tianshan North and South trade union cadres, workers, and model workers walked into street communities and residents to carry out activities such as delivering food and medicine, disinfection and sterilization, and publicizing epidemic prevention knowledge to serve the workers and masses, and demonstrate the “hard core strength” of the trade union with practical actions.
Recently, the condolence team of the Tianshan District Federation of Trade Unions in Urumqi City delivered a batch of urgently needed epidemic prevention and control living materials to the staff of 12 isolation points.
After the outbreak, Tianshan District total invested more than 1.05 million yuan at the first time, which was urgently allocated to 23 directly-affiliated grassroots labor unions.
After receiving the company’s notice on epidemic prevention and control, Zhao Xiangguo, deputy secretary of the Party Committee of China Construction Xinjiang Construction Engineering First Construction and chairman of the trade union, took the initiative to ask for help and chose to stay on duty at the unit to escort the employees.
He sent cooking utensils, food, and daily necessities for the employees living in the unit dormitories and newly recruited employees, and organized personnel to send them essential supplies for life every two days.
“From July 21, the cadres and employees who are on the front line of the ‘war epidemic’ will be touched down, and the method of online orders and door-to-door delivery will be adopted, and the 704 front-line workers and workers in Urumqi will be the first to purchase supplementary anti-epidemic supplies and living materials.”
The head of the Xinjiang transportation trade union told reporters that in the face of the sudden epidemic, they did their best to ensure epidemic prevention and control services, steadily promote various work in transportation development, and create a strong atmosphere of fighting the “epidemic” together.
At present, it is the high temperature in summer, and labor unions at all levels are keeping an eye on the frontline workers in key areas for epidemic prevention and control, and put the “sending cool” care and care into practice.
On July 19, the Urumqi County Federation of Trade Unions launched the “sending cool” condolences to frontline workers in epidemic prevention and control, and the county police stations, card points, and health systems received condolences such as drinks and fruits.
“The union cadres should further improve their political standing, strengthen their responsibilities, warm people’s hearts with care, and inspire fighting spirit with actions.
It is necessary to give full play to the role of trade unions in cohesive and unite workers, do a good job in epidemic prevention and control service guarantees, actively safeguard the health rights and interests of the majority of workers, and send care to frontline workers.”
The relevant person in charge of the Autonomous Region Federation of Trade Unions said.
The direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers in 2020 is in full swing-Xinhua.
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Jia Qilong) The Political Work Department of the Central Military Commission and the National Defense Mobilization Department of the Central Military Commission recently jointly issued a notice to deploy and launch the direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers in 2020 from graduates of ordinary colleges and universities.
This year’s direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers covers more than 270 military and local general majors in 64 categories such as computer, automation, and machinery, focusing on increasing the recruitment of majors such as drones, navigation, aerospace, electronic information, and small languages, and the recruitment scale has increased by nearly 2,000 people compared with last year.
This year’s direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers is organized and implemented synchronously with the recruitment of conscripts, starting on August 1st and ending on September 30th.
The enlisted youth can inquire about the conditions of direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers and the distribution of specialties in various regions through the National Recruitment Website (website: http://www.gfbzb.gov.cn), submit the registration information online that meets the scope of specialty and recruitment conditions, and participate in the follow-up recruitment work such as physical examination and political assessment according to the unified requirements of the military service organs in the conscripted areas.
Qualified youth who fail to be recruited as non-commissioned officers due to the recruitment specialty and program restrictions can participate in the compulsory recruitment, and when the compulsory military service expires, they will be selected as non-commissioned officers, and the years of studying in ordinary colleges and universities according to the prescribed academic system will be regarded as service time.
The recruitment of non-commissioned officers this year will be uniformly organized by the recruitment offices of the provincial or prefecture-level people’s governments, and majors with rich registration potential will be selected on the basis of comprehensively measuring the academic level of the applicants, academic performance in professional courses during school, and obtaining vocational qualification certificates, etc. Scarce majors will be targeted for targeted counterpart recruitment from colleges and universities that meet the local professional requirements and have recruitment advantages.
According to the requirements of normalized epidemic prevention and control, this year’s direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers will not in principle be arranged to report on their own, and will be entered into operation battalions synchronously with the compulsory soldiers.
The enrollment time for direct recruitment of non-commissioned officers will be counted from September 1, 2020, and the time when the troops issue the non-commissioned officer appointment order is December 1, 2020 .
The receiving unit will formulate a scientific enlistment and professional training plan, carefully organize the training, and after the completion of training, the recruited non-commissioned officers will be uniformly and accurately assigned to the counterpart professional and technical posts in accordance with the principle of counterpart professional and consistent recruitment.
Spokesperson of the Embassy in the UK: The Chinese government is a staunch defender of cybersecurity - Chinanews.com.
Chinanews.com, July 26 (Xinhua) -- According to the website of the Chinese Embassy in the UK, on the 25th, the spokesperson of the Chinese Embassy in the UK answered a reporter's question on wrong remarks about cyber attacks.
The spokesperson stressed that the Chinese government is a staunch defender of cyber security and has always resolutely opposed and cracked down on any form of cyber attacks and cyber crimes.
Some reporters asked: According to the media, a hacking organization related to China has interfered with a British company's network system, launched attacks on British and American technology companies that hold patent data, and invaded the government networks of EU countries.
The spokesperson said that the Chinese government is a staunch defender of cyber security and has always resolutely opposed and cracked down on any form of cyber attacks and cyber crimes.
Cyberspace is highly virtual, difficult to trace, and diverse actors. When investigating and qualifying cyber incidents, sufficient evidence should be presented and no unwarranted guesses should be made.
According to the spokesperson, a series of incidents such as the "Prism Gate" in the past have proved that the United States has always carried out the world's largest cyber-stealing operation.
It is in the common interest of all countries to maintain peace and stability in cyberspace.
The spokesperson pointed out that China's achievements in scientific and technological innovation are not stolen or looted, but obtained through self-reliance and hard work.
In 2019, China submitted about 59,000 patent applications through the Patent Cooperation Treaty (PCT) route, with an annual growth rate of 10.6%, becoming the country with the largest number of international patent applications filed.
China has become a powerhouse in innovation and intellectual property.
Data from the Urumqi Central Sub-branch of the People's Bank of China shows that in the first half of the year, new loans to agriculture-related and small and micro enterprises in Xinjiang exceeded the annual increment of 2019.
In the first half of this year, the Urumqi Central Sub-branch of the People's Bank of China used a variety of monetary policy tools to guide the banking industry to continuously increase loan issuance, providing sufficient financial guarantee for epidemic prevention and control and resumption of work and production.
Most areas of free nucleic acid testing in Urumqi have basically completed secondary testing in high-risk areas - China News Service.
Chinanews.com, Urumqi, July 26 (Reporter Sun Tingwen Zhao Yamin) When reporting the latest epidemic situation and nucleic acid testing situation in Urumqi, Zhang Wei, director of the Urumqi Municipal Health and Health Committee, said on the 26th that at present, most areas of free nucleic acid testing in Urumqi have been basically completed.
The State Council expert group and experts from the autonomous region and Urumqi are making further assessments on the development of the epidemic based on the results of nucleic acid testing and epidemiological investigations.
The Xinjiang Uygur Autonomous Region Information Office held a press conference on the 26th to inform the situation of the epidemic and prevention and control in Xinjiang.
According to him, from 00:00 to 24:00 on July 25, 22 new confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia were added in Urumqi (5 of which were asymptomatic infected persons transferred to confirmed cases), and 38 new asymptomatic infected persons were added.
As of 24:00 on July 25, there were 135 confirmed cases and 147 asymptomatic infected persons in Urumqi.
The newly added asymptomatic infected persons on the 25th were also basically obtained through the city’s free nucleic acid testing and active screening.
Zhang Wei, director of the Urumqi Municipal Health and Health Committee, said on the 26th that most of the free nucleic acid testing work areas in Urumqi have been basically completed.
He also said that from the experience of other areas in China, there are many factors that affect the results of nucleic acid testing, such as the sensitivity of the detection reagent, the infection time and detoxification time of the tested person, the cooperation of the tested person when the specimen is taken (poor cooperation may lead to the specimen not being taken in place), as well as the testing environment, and the operating proficiency of the inspection personnel.
For various reasons, nucleic acid tests will also have false negative results.
The so-called false negative means that the tested person is indeed an infected person, but the nucleic acid test result is negative.
In addition, for people who have had close contact with confirmed and suspected cases, two nucleic acid tests are usually required to rule out.
For people who have been to high-risk areas in the epidemic, if they have fever and respiratory symptoms, a negative nucleic acid test may have a false negative, so two nucleic acid tests are also required to rule out.
He said that in view of the above situation, and for the health of the people of all ethnic groups in the city, starting today, Urumqi City will conduct secondary free nucleic acid testing in key areas such as Tianshan District and Shayibak District, and at the same time carry out "investigating omissions and filling omissions".
It is reported that Tianshan District and Shayibak District are high-risk areas for the epidemic.
Offline streamlining "cloud" enthusiastic Shanghai International Film Festival reveals extraordinary industry confidence - Chinanews.com.
2020-07-26 06:52:39 Source: Wen Wei Po Author: Wang Sishuo Responsible Editor: Wang Sishuo.
Offline streamlining "cloud" enthusiasm, Shanghai International Film Festival reveals extraordinary industrial confidence.
(Chief reporter Wang Yan) Yesterday, the 2020 Shanghai International Film and Television Festival, held against the backdrop of strict epidemic prevention measures, opened the curtain of the 23rd Shanghai International Film Festival with an industry summit forum of "running a well-off society in an all-round way and building a new era of dreams".
As the first international film and television festival held since the continuous spread of the global epidemic and the normalization of epidemic prevention and control in our country, this year's Shanghai International Film Festival is of great significance.
On the basis of doing a good job of normalizing epidemic prevention and control, holding the Shanghai International Film and Television Festival is not only a manifestation of confidence, but also a declaration of determination — our confidence in defeating the epidemic remains unchanged, our confidence in running a people's festival remains unchanged, and our confidence in building a global film and television creation center and launching the "Shanghai Culture" brand remains unchanged.
Every year, the Shanghai International Film Festival, with its attitude of continuous innovation and continuous improvement, is a new start and a new beginning.
Therefore, every step needs to be taken well, serving the people's spiritual life and serving the high-quality development of the film and television industry.
This year is even more so.
In order to cherish the hard-won epidemic prevention and control situation, on the one hand, the Shanghai International Film Festival strictly adheres to the requirements of epidemic prevention and implements epidemic prevention and control measures in detail; on the other hand, holding the vision of gathering wisdom for Chinese film creation and meeting the needs of moviegoers, it opens multi-segment activities both online and offline.
On the opening day, from offline film viewing to industry forums, film festival-related activities strictly implement relevant epidemic prevention policies.
Forum activities are controlled to no more than 50 people, and each film viewing is separated from each other, and the attendance rate is strictly controlled within 30%.
As the film festival organizing committee upholds, in any case, "putting people's lives and health first" is a major premise.
Offline activities have been greatly streamlined, and "on the cloud" has been lively.
In order to implement the important concept of "the people's city is built by the people, and the people's city is for the people", as a festival for the masses of the people, this year's Shanghai International Film Festival plans to innovate and seek transformation, with online "cloud exhibition" and master class "cloud sharing" and other initiatives to meet the diverse needs of movie fans.
On the first day of the opening, the official partners of the film festival, Migu Video and Oriental Pearl Blockbuster, respectively sent multiple "Belt and Road" films "Shangyun" to give back to the fans.
That night, the Jinjue Opening Forum and Jia Zhangke's Master Class were also launched on multiple platforms such as CCTV, Learning Power and Wenhui App, allowing the people to pay attention to the latest trends of Chinese films without leaving their homes.
At the opening forum yesterday, Yan Xiaoming, member of the Party Leadership Group and deputy director of the Central Radio and Television General Station, delivered a speech and announced the opening of this film festival. Zhou Huilin, member of the Standing Committee of the Shanghai Municipal Party Committee and Minister of the Propaganda Department, delivered a speech, and Vice Mayor Zongming attended.
White House epidemic expert Fauci: Cautiously optimistic that a vaccine will be developed in early 2021. Fauci said.
Fauci made the above remarks at a network video conference hosted by the International Leadership Foundation on the 25th.
He reminded that it is not clear how the new crown epidemic will develop in the autumn and winter, and what the final impact of the epidemic will be, “and the only way to end it all is for each of us to choose to be part of the problem.”
According to data from Johns Hopkins University in the United States, as of 21 o’clock on the 25th, the number of confirmed cases of the new crown in the United States has reached 4.176 million, and 146,000 people have died.
Fauci said that some regions in the United States are currently struggling to fight the rebounding epidemic.
Although the outbreaks are different in different places and need to respond to local conditions, a diversified anti-epidemic strategy does not mean that there is no close ties between regions.
The epidemic in one region will eventually affect other regions.
“Now is not the time to be complacent,” Fauci said, “our work is not done, we must step up our efforts, and we must also be vigilant about the uncertainties of the future.”
Dayi He, a Chinese American medical expert and founder of “Cocktail Therapy” for the treatment of AIDS, pointed out at the meeting that the new crown epidemic in the United States has not yet reached its peak.
“Each of us must do our part to slow the spread of this virus.”
Dayi He called on the public to use their actual actions to buy time for scientists to step up the development of new crown treatments and vaccines.
The International Leadership Foundation is a non-profit organization with the purpose of promoting international exchange activities in the United States and the Asia-Pacific region, and is committed to promoting the status of Asian-Pacific Americans and nurturing young international leaders.
On the same day, U.S. Secretary of Transportation Zhao Xiaolan, Federal Congressman Meng Zhaowen, and International Leadership Foundation founding president Dong Jiling, and others, spoke at the meeting respectively.
They paid special tribute to the Asian-Pacific American medical workers and volunteers fighting the epidemic on the frontline, and called on the American public to continue to adhere to epidemic prevention guidelines such as “social distancing” to curb the spread of the epidemic.
Dalian: No new local confirmed cases of new crown pneumonia, 24 new cases of asymptomatic infection - Xinhuanet.
Dalian, July 25 (Reporters Cai Yongjun, Cui Shihao) Dalian City issued a news on the 25th, from 15:00 on July 24 to 14:00 on July 25, there were no new local confirmed cases of new crown pneumonia, 24 new asymptomatic infections, and no new suspected cases.
From July 22 to 14:00 on July 25, the city reported a total of 12 local confirmed cases of new crown pneumonia, all of which were intensively isolated and treated in the Sixth People's Hospital of Dalian.
Zhao Lian, deputy director of the Dalian Municipal Health Commission, said that according to the epidemic situation, Dalian organized medical staff from the city's tertiary hospitals to station in street communities, opened more than 600 sampling points in Dalian Bay, Workers' Village, along the light rail line, and some key areas of Jinpu New District, fully promoted personnel nucleic acid screening work, and dispatched nearly two thousand medical staff for nucleic acid testing and sampling every day.
As of 14:00 on July 25, the city had sampled a total of more than 210,000 person-times.
Of the current 12 confirmed cases in Dalian, 10 were employees of Dalian Kaiyang World Seafood Co., Ltd.; 46 of the 54 asymptomatic infections were employees of the company and their relatives; and among all positive nucleic acid test cases, the company's employees and their relatives accounted for 85%.
After research and judgment, Dalian decided to strengthen strict control over the close contacts of all employees of Dalian Kaiyang World Seafood Co., Ltd. and the close contacts of close contacts, and implement centralized isolation medical observation and at least 2 nucleic acid tests on the 14th.
At the same time, Dalian decided to further expand the implementation of centralized medical isolation observation, and implement 14-day centralized medical isolation observation and at least 2 nucleic acid tests for all close contacts of positive nucleic acid test personnel (including cases and asymptomatic infected persons), and close contacts of close contacts.
Dalian Airport and Dalian Railway Station both issued notices on the 25th that the city's personnel implement non-essential separation in principle, and those who do need to leave must have a negative nucleic acid test certificate within 7 days; Dalian Bus Terminal suspends all ticket sales lines in the city from 12 o'clock on the 25th, and the specific recovery time will be notified separately.
Brazilian study shows that hydroxychloroquine is ineffective in the treatment of mild and moderate new coronary pneumonia - China News Service.
Recently, a Brazilian study has shown that hydroxychloroquine is ineffective in patients with mild and moderate new coronary pneumonia.
The study report was published in the New England Journal of Medicine.
Researchers in Brazil divided 667 patients from 55 hospitals across the country into three groups and conducted a clinical trial; mainly compared the treatment effect of hydroxychloroquine alone or in combination with other antibiotics azithromycin, and analyzed whether it helps to improve the condition of mild and moderate patients with new coronary pneumonia.
The results show that hydroxychloroquine not only has no therapeutic effect, but may have damaging side effects on the organs.
The study was completed by several authoritative hospitals in Brazil such as Hospital Israelita Albert Einstein , Heart Hospital (HCor), Hospital Sírio-Libanês, etc., in conjunction with the Brazilian Clinical Research Institute (BCRI) and the Brazilian Intensive Care Research Network (BRICNet).
On the 25th local time, Brazilian President Bolsonaro announced through social platforms that the results of the 4th nucleic acid test were negative.
During the infection, Bolsonaro has been taking hydroxychloroquine and actively promoted it several times.
Zhao Yijun, reporter of the main station
Four departments launch a new round of App governance to protect personal information security-Xinhua.
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 25 (Reporter Yu Junjie, Chen Aiping) The reporter learned from the National Cyberspace Administration on the 25th that the 2020 App illegal collection and use of personal information governance work was officially launched recently, focusing on cracking down on issues that the masses have strongly reported, such as the private uploading of personal information in the app background.
It is reported that this round of App governance work was carried out by the joint action of the National Cyberspace Administration, the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Ministry of Public Security, and the State Administration for Market Regulation.
According to reports, the special governance working group composed of four departments accepted more than 12,000 pieces of effective reporting information from netizens last year, carried out verifications for more than 2,300 Apps, and took punishment measures such as public exposure, interviews, and removals for 260 Apps with large user scale and prominent problems.
According to the relevant person in charge of the National Cyberspace Administration of China, the current number of Apps has exceeded 5 million, and the problem of illegal collection and use of personal information has not been fundamentally resolved.
The governance work in 2020 will be further intensified, and on the basis of App verification, the scope of governance will be further extended to SDKs (software development kits) and applets, among others.
It is reported that the working group will conduct special research and in-depth detection on issues such as irregular collection and use of personal biometric information, abuse of sensitive App permissions, and focus on background abuse of permissions such as recording and photographing.
According to the severity of the circumstances and consequences of the problems found, the working group will impose penalties such as interviews, warnings, delisting, and fines in accordance with the law, forming an effective deterrent to illegal and irregular behaviors.
It is understood that the working group plans to formulate and publish guidelines for the management of App Stores for the collection and use of personal information on Apps, to guide and urge app stores to do a good job of pre-App online audits and to strictly control entrances.
In addition, the working group will also release free technical tools to guide SMEs to conduct self-tests and improve the legal compliance of SMEs’ personal information collection and use activities.
Johns Hopkins University: Global cumulative new crown confirmed cases exceed 16 million-Xinhua.
NEW YORK, July 26 (Xinhua) -- The new crown epidemic statistics released by Johns Hopkins University in the United States on the 26th show that as of 2:40 U.S. Eastern Time (14:40 Beijing time) on the 26th, the global cumulative number of confirmed new crown cases reached 16,048,100, with a total of 644,537 deaths.
The data shows that the United States is the country with the most severe epidemic in the world, with a total of 4,178,027 confirmed cases and 146,460 deaths.
Brazil has a total of 2,394,513 confirmed cases and 86,449 deaths, both of which are second only to the United States.
In addition, countries with more than 300,000 cumulative confirmed cases are India, Russia, South Africa, Mexico, Peru, Chile and the United Kingdom.
On the 25th, the 2020 Hunan Red Tourism Culture Festival and Xiangtan’s First Red Cultural Industry Expo kicked off in Shaoshan.
In recent years, the demand for red tourism has gradually increased.
However, the development of the red tourism industry is also facing dilemmas such as fewer young groups, homogenization of tour projects, and single commercialization channels.
Especially this year’s epidemic raid, the national cultural tourism industry has been severely frustrated, and red tourist attractions are also facing severe challenges.
For example, the use of scientific and technological means such as drone shooting and VR immersive experience can meet the tourist needs of “people have not arrived, the scenery has arrived”; the introduction of webcast means to promote famous and excellent specialties of red scenic spots can directly enhance the economic benefits of red tourism; the introduction of “cloud” technology to create boutique displays with prominent themes, distinctive orientations, and rich connotations, to fully display and enhance the missionary functions of red scenic spots; innovate the way of red culture dissemination, make revolutionary cultural relics “live,” and enhance the attractiveness of red scenic spots.
This cultural festival uses the now popular “county and city (district) chief + professional anchor special promotion” method to promote red cultural tourism specialties, and uses 5G technology to provide real-time viewing and smart city demonstration services to promote red cultural tourism attractions, all are attempts to insert wisdom wings for red tourism, and look forward to more and more red tourism in Hunan.
Representatives of U.S.-China trade talks rumored to meet in August.
Hong Kong’s South China Morning Post quoted an anonymous person familiar with the matter on the 25th that the head of China’s trade negotiation team, Vice Premier Liu He and co-leader of the U.S. team, trade representative Lai Haizhe, are expected to hold formal talks in August to assess the two sides’ implementation of the first phase of the China-U.S. trade agreement.
The report said that although China has significantly increased the amount of U.S. agricultural purchases in the past few months, due to factors such as the new coronavirus epidemic, the Chinese side’s purchases are still some distance away from the amount promised in the trade agreement.
Analysts said that the recent mutual closure of each other’s consulates by the United States and China, combined with other disputes, may undermine any progress on trade between the two sides.
The China-U.S. phase one trade agreement, which took effect one month after the signing on January 15, stipulates that a trade framework group formed by high-level leaders of the two sides should hold talks every six months.
The meeting will be “an important turning point” for both sides to assess the progress of the agreement, the person said.
But the person also said that if the U.S.-China tensions lead to low willingness to talks at this time, the two sides may agree that the May 8 conference call between Lai Haizhe and Liu He has met the terms of the semi-annual talks in the trade agreement.
This year, China-U.S. relations have deteriorated rapidly, with disputes between the two sides including a series of issues such as the origin of the new coronavirus, trade, Hong Kong, Xinjiang, the South China Sea, and ideology.
Although U.S. President Trump boasted about his achievements in the first phase agreement at the beginning of the year, his attitude has changed recently.
He said at a White House press conference on the 23rd that although China has recently purchased a record amount of U.S. corn and bought a lot of soybeans in a single day, “this trade agreement is not as meaningful to me now as it was when it was reached”.
An anonymous Beijing government adviser also believes that a new round of trade talks is unlikely due to poor U.S.-China relations, and “trade issues have lost weight in China-U.S. relations.”
But he disclosed that relevant Chinese economic and trade units still met on the 23rd to discuss a series of issues, including how to increase imports from the United States, “We have already done our best to buy, so any additional purchases will be difficult”.
Peng Jiening, vice chairman of the U.S.-China National Trade Commission, said that maintaining momentum in the phase one agreement is “more important than ever,” and pointed to China’s progress in further opening up the financial market to U.S. companies this year.
"Talking is better than not talking, although it may be seen as routine," said analysts at independent research firm Plenum.
BEIJING, July 26 (Xinhua) -- Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Wei Yukun) The reporter learned from the Emergency Management Department on the 26th that the National Defense Office and the Emergency Management Department, together with the National Grain and Material Reserve Bureau, have once again urgently dispatched 1.35 million woven bags, 1.2 million square meters of woven fabrics, 130,000 square meters of geotextiles and other 6 categories of central reserve flood control materials to Anhui to support the flood fighting rescue and rescue work in Anhui.
According to the relevant person in charge of the Emergency Management Department, at present, the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River and the Huaihe River Basin maintain high water level fluctuations, and the "Yangtze River 2020 No. 3 Flood" formed in the upper reaches of the Yangtze River on the 26th, and the risks in some areas have increased.
The meteorological department expects heavy rainfall in Chongqing, Guizhou, and the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River in the next 3 days, and the flood control situation will remain grim and complicated.
According to reports, since the flood season, the Emergency Management Department deployed a national comprehensive fire rescue team to pre-position professional rescue forces in key flood control areas, and participated in 10,364 flood fighting rescues and rescues, dispatched more than 130,000 commanders, 17,778 fire engines, and 11,887 boat trips, rescued 37,777 people trapped in distress, and evacuated and transferred more than 107,000 trapped people.
Hao Yusheng, chief representative of Nasdaq China: Now is the best time for Chinese companies to go to the U.S. for IPOs - Economic Watch - Professional Financial News Website |
Economic Observer reporter Zhang Bin Because of the Luckin Coffee fraud incident, the U.S. market has imposed more stringent supervision on Chinese stocks, and the valuation has been under long-term pressure, Chinese stocks listed in the United States are feeling the pressure, and Chinese stocks such as NetEase and JD.com have recently started their return to Hong Kong listing journey.
And companies such as Shell and Ideal Auto have been enthusiastic about going public in the United States recently.
Under the epidemic and the Chinese stock crisis, is now the best time for Chinese companies to go public in the United States?
"In terms of recent IPO cases and the situation of companies that are going to go public in the United States next, IPOs to the United States have not been affected in essence, but the market is very good now, and even this time point is the best time for Chinese companies to go to the United States for IPO in the past 10 years."
Hao Yusheng, chief representative of Nasdaq Stock Exchange China, said at the "2020 Listed Company Leaders Summit China Stocks Branch" hosted by Snowball.
In April this year, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) and the Public Company Accounting Supervision Board of the United States (PCAOB) issued the Statement on the Important Role of Auditing Quality Supervision and Access to Auditing and Other International Information — Discussion on the Current Information Acquisition Challenges of U.S. Listed Companies with Large Businesses in China.
This statement said that although international cooperation and coordination has increased significantly in recent years, problems with information access by U.S. regulators still exist, and the SEC and PCAOB still face legal and practical challenges. Corresponding to the document, the PCAOB website lists in detail the list of listed companies that have encountered audit obstacles and their audit institutions, and a large number of Chinese stock companies are listed.
In addition, in May this year, the U.S. Senate passed the Foreign Companies Accountability Act, which puts additional information disclosure requirements for foreign companies listed in the United States.
In Hao Yusheng's view, the China stock market crisis has not affected investors' appetite.
"When this news first came out, it caused everyone's panic, and everyone was asking whether they could go public in the United States in the future, but we later found that these issues are not a matter for investors over there. Investors may ask these questions during the recent IPO roadshow to the United States, or even become standardized questions, but this has not been regarded as an important factor for investors to invest in a Chinese company.
It is recommended that everyone try to look at the current situation with a calm mind.
Of course, this time it may seem on the surface that it may be the most serious situation in the past two years, but as far as investors’ appetite is concerned, it has not been affected in any way.
So from now until the end of this year or before the U.S. election, the craze for IPOs in the U.S. will continue.”
On May 9 this year, Kingsoft Cloud was officially listed on the NASDAQ in the U.S., becoming the first Chinese company to go to the U.S. for IPO after the epidemic.
“The listing of Kingsoft Cloud gives very great confidence to Chinese companies preparing for IPOs later.”
said Hao Yusheng.
The Chinese stock market data report released by Snowball for the first half of 2020 shows that in the first half of this year, a total of 20 Chinese companies went to the U.S. for IPOs, an increase of 17.6% over the same period of last year; from the total amount of initial fundraising, 20 companies raised a total of 2.725 billion yuan, a rise of more than 52.4% compared to the same period last year; in terms of industry distribution, the number of IPOs in the healthcare industry in the first half of this year was outstanding, with an increase of 100% over the same period of last year.
According to Hao Yusheng, high-quality Chinese companies that went to the U.S. for IPOs in the first half of this year, with excellent fundamentals and growth, will be more favored by investors.
From the short-term, medium-term, and long-term perspectives, Hao Yuming is optimistic about the continued optimism of Chinese companies going to the U.S. for IPOs.
"The short-term is that the craze for IPOs in the U.S. is still ongoing; the medium-term is that Chinese companies have more choices, A-shares, Hong Kong stocks, and U.S. stocks. Everyone will take the U.S. election and China-U.S. relations as factors for consideration in market selection and time selection; in the long run, everything will return to normal, and the market’s fluctuations are all cycles, both political and economic, and the stock market has always been volatile.”
Hao Yusheng said at the same time, “There are more uncertain factors this year, but for high-quality companies, no matter whether the market is good or bad, as long as they are solid and have growth that investors can see, other factors are relatively minor, and investors need to invest in excellent Chinese companies.”
Chinanews.com, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Gao Kai) On the evening of July 25, the “Dance of Life” of the NCPA’s “Sound Like Summer Flowers” series of concerts was staged simultaneously online and offline as scheduled. Conductor Yang Yang and pianist Zhang Haochen collaborated with the NCPA Orchestra on the same stage to perform Rachmaninoff’s Second Piano Concerto and Symphony Dance.
At the same time, the National Grand Theatre Taihu Theatre, located in the sub-center of Beijing’s city, also ushered in its first offline performance since the anti-epidemic period. Conductor Zheng Jian joined hands with NCPA Chorus to sing the “Taihu Week Concert” with the enthusiasm of the military song Bingliang—Military Brigade Chorus Concert.
After Beijing’s epidemic response level was downgraded, in accordance with the city’s epidemic prevention and control requirements and the spirit of the city’s relevant department documents, NCPA performed the concert on July 25 in accordance with the principle of “prudent opening and gradual release”, and for the first time, limited tickets were sold to the public.
Jin Hui, Minister of Marketing Department of NCPA, introduced: “This is the first performance project of NCPA to sell tickets to audiences since the epidemic.
In accordance with the relevant requirements for epidemic prevention and control, the real-name sales and admission of ‘one person, one ticket, one card, one code’ will be implemented, and the number of sales will not exceed 30% of the entire seats.
Subsequently, the drama “Looking at Chang’an in Xi’an”, the special planning concert of the August 1st Military Day Army Festival, opera and film performances and other artistic activities will also sell limited tickets to the public one after another.”
The concert on July 25 also continued to be broadcast synchronously on the NCPA Classical Music Channel and multiple network platforms, and as of 12 o’clock on the evening of the 25th, the online broadcast of this concert had exceeded 30 million hits.
The night’s concert opened with the much-anticipated bells played by the piano at the beginning of “Sound Like Summer Flowers”, which was the first time that the NCPA’s “Sound Like Summer Flowers” concert series dedicated a piano concerto to the audience.
With his profound and condensed understanding, Zhang Haochen played the first theme of the work full of sorrow and entanglements. Under Yang Yang’s conductor, the orchestra and the piano created endless auditory enjoyment amid the ups and downs of competition and compromise.
After experiencing the "tranquility like water" in the second movement and the "grand carnival" in the third movement, more than a hundred audiences broke out into warm applause in the feeling of returning to the scene, and the online audience also issued heartfelt admiration in the form of barrage and commentary.
Then Zhang Haochen returned to the audience with a return performance of Chopin's "Nocturne in C-sharp Minor".
After a short stage adjustment, Yang Yang conducted the NCPA Orchestra to play the last large-scale orchestral work "Symphonic Dance" composed by Rachmaninoff, and the composer presented a more introspective emotion in this work, and incorporated his new inspiration and memories of his past creations and homeland.
In Yang Yang's calm and calm handling, the melancholy temperament and grandeur of this work were unveiled, and the orchestra also performed Rachmaninoff's "Last Spark" brilliantly and dazzlingly.
The pre-performance guided tour of this concert once again brought unexpected surprises to the audience.
The CCTV "News Network" anchor Gang Qiang came to the backstage dressing room of the NCPA to unveil the "strongholds" of Geyev, Lang Lang and other music masters before they came to the stage, and then came to the public space on the first floor of the NCPA to start a dialogue with Yang Yang, Zhang Haochen, and the National Grand Theatre's pianist Kuaiyu in front of three nine-foot pianos with stories. Ganggang discussed with them from the perspective of a veteran piano enthusiast about the maintenance and maintenance of the piano, Rachmaninoff's music, the musicians' usual lives, and preparations for the pre-performance. At the end of the guided tour, Ganggang also collaborated with Zhang Haochen on Schumann's "Dream Song", which made the audience feast for the eyes.
That night, at the Taihu Amphitheatre of the National Grand Theatre, the Military Song Liangliang—Military Chorus Concert kicked off in the melodious and melodious "Never Forgetting Your First Heart".
This is the first performance of the NCPA's "Taihu Week Concert" since its anti-epidemic.
It is reported that on August 1, conductor Zheng Jian will continue to bring "Warriors and the Motherland" with the National Center for the Performing Arts Chorus - the National Center for the Performing Arts' chorus concert to celebrate the August 1st Army Day. As a series of online performances "Sounds Like Summer Flowers", the concert will be broadcast live through the Internet, paying tribute to the soldiers defending the motherland in classic songs.
Heilongjiang investigates and punishes 22,000 cases of drunk driving and drunk driving in half a year-Xinhua.
Xinhua News Agency, Harbin, July 26 (Reporter Liang Shubin) The reporter learned from the traffic police corps of the Heilongjiang Provincial Public Security Department that in the first half of this year, public security traffic control departments across Heilongjiang Province investigated and punished a total of 22,000 drunk driving cases.
Recently, when the traffic police in Hegang City was on duty at the service station, a driver saw a traffic policeman on duty, threw down the car and ran.
The police on duty quickly chased after him and caught the suspect Wang in the barn of a villager’s house.
The on-site detection result of a breath alcohol tester was 28.4mg/100ml, and Wang drove a motor vehicle after drinking.
The police imposed administrative penalties on him with a fine of 2,000 yuan, suspension of a motor vehicle driving license for 6 months, and a driver’s license for 12 points at a time.
Since this year, the Heilongjiang Provincial Public Security Traffic Management Department has continued to rectify the illegal and criminal acts of drunk driving, and “don’t drive when you drink, and don’t drink when you drive” has become a social consensus.
But there are still drivers who are lucky and wanton drunk driving. In the first half of this year, traffic control departments across the region investigated and punished a total of 22,000 cases of drunk driving, including 3,744.
Chongqing Wulong landslide formed a dammed lake, and more than 500 people were urgently transferred locally - Xinhua.com.cn.
Xinhua News Agency, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporter Zhou Wenchong, Ke Gaoyang) The reporter learned on the 26th from the Wulong District government of Chongqing that heavy rains caused a landslide in the local area and formed a dammed lake, and more than 500 people were transferred urgently.
Affected by the continuous rainfall, since July 22, the soil mass at the trailing edge of the landslide in Zhongtai Formation, Liujing Village, Wulong District, has been cracked and there has been a large area of slip deformation, and the landslide body fell into the Cang River, a tributary of the Wujiang River.
On the 25th, a strong rainfall weather process occurred in the local area, and the landslide further expanded, resulting in the interruption of the passage of village roads and completely blocking along the Cang River, forming a dammed lake with a water level of 13 meters in front of the dam and a storage capacity of about 420,000 cubic meters.
According to on-site survey and monitoring, the landslide volume is about 1.3 million cubic meters, and it is still in an unstable state with sporadic rockfalls. The dam lake has overflowed, and there is a risk of dyke bursting, posing a threat to downstream power stations and field towns.
After the danger occurred, the local government organized the evacuation of residents along the river overnight and urgently transferred the masses to a safe area.
At present, all 162 and 520 people in the dangerous area have been evacuated, and the dam lake disposal work is still in progress.
Reuters: Alibaba founder Jack Ma has been summoned by an Indian court.
An Indian employee who used to work for Alibaba-owned UC Browser sued, saying he was fired for objecting to censorship and fake message content on the company’s app, the World Wide Web reported, citing the report.
The former employee also took out some screenshots as evidence, saying it showed Alibaba-owned UC News App publishing fake news about India, especially the headline section.
He also alleged that an app called UC Web censored content containing keywords such as China-India border, China-India war.
Court documents show that a civil judge at a district court in the satellite city of Gurugram in New Delhi has issued summons to Alibaba, Jack Ma, and more than a dozen individuals or companies to appear in court on July 29 or through their lawyers.
Earlier on June 29, India’s Ministry of Electronic Information Technology announced the ban on 59 Chinese apps, including UC News, UC Browser, TikTok, WeChat, Weibo, citing security concerns.
People's Daily Commentator: Concentrate on Doing Yourself Well to Build New Advantages for Future Development --- On Learning and Implementing General Secretary Xi Jinping's Important Speech at the Entrepreneur Symposium-Xinhua.
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 25 (Xinhua) -- People's Daily Commentator's article on July 26: Concentrating on doing your own business well and building new advantages for future development.
At present, the global epidemic situation and the world economic situation are still severe and complex, and the challenges facing China's development are unprecedented.
Maintaining strategic focus, enhancing confidence in winning, and concentrating on running our own affairs well are the keys for us to cope with various risks and challenges.
At the recent entrepreneurial symposium, General Secretary Xi Jinping emphasized that under the current external environment of rising protectionism, sluggish world economy, and shrinking global market, we must concentrate our efforts to run our own affairs well, give full play to the advantages of the domestic super-large-scale market, gradually form a new development pattern with domestic large-scale circulation as the main body and domestic and international dual-circulation mutual promotion, enhance the modernization level of industrial chain supply chains, vigorously promote scientific and technological innovation, accelerate the tackling of key core technologies, and create new advantages for future development.
Those who observe the situation are wise, and those who control the situation win.
Under the external environment of the in-depth development of economic globalization, the "both ends" of the market and resources have played an important role in China's rapid development.
Now, the world under the impact of the epidemic is undergoing profound changes, facing more uncertain factors, and facing headwinds and coming back from economic globalization.
An extremely important aspect is to take expansion and meeting domestic demand as a strategic basis for development, give full play to its own advantages, and add momentum to China's economic development and drive world economic recovery through prosperity of the domestic economy and unimpeded domestic large-scale circulation.
We must deeply recognize that building a complete domestic demand system is related to China's long-term development and long-term law and order.
The Party Central Committee reviewed the situation and clearly proposed to firmly implement the strategy of expanding domestic demand, which is the need to cope with the impact of the epidemic, to maintain the long-term sustainable and healthy development of China's economy, and to meet the needs of the people's ever-growing better life.
The advantage of a large-country economy is internal circulation.
China has the most complete and largest industrial system in the world, strong production capacity, perfect supporting capabilities, with more than 100 million market subjects and more than 170 million people with higher education or various professional skills, as well as a super-large domestic demand market formed by a population of 1.4 billion including more than 400 million middle-income groups, and is in the stage of rapid development of new industrialization, informatization, urbanization, and agricultural modernization, with huge investment demand potential.
The basic socialist economic system, such as public ownership as the main body, multiple ownership economies as the main body, distribution according to work as the main body, multiple distribution modes coexisting, and a socialist market economy system, can not only stimulate the vitality of various market entities, liberate and develop social productivity, but also promote the organic unity of efficiency and fairness, and continuously achieve common prosperity.
We must firmly grasp the strategic basis of expanding domestic demand, make production, distribution, and circulation more dependent on the domestic market to achieve a virtuous cycle, clarify the strategic direction of supply-side structural reform, and promote the dynamic balance of total supply and aggregate demand at a higher level.
It is necessary to speed up the construction of a complete domestic demand system, vigorously promote scientific and technological innovation and other innovations in all aspects, accelerate the promotion of strategic emerging industries such as digital economy, intelligent manufacturing, life health, and new materials, form more new growth points and growth poles, and gradually form a new development pattern with the domestic large cycle as the main body and the domestic and international dual cycles as mutually reinforcing.
Opening brings progress, and closure is bound to lag behind.
General Secretary Xi Jinping has repeatedly stressed that China’s door to opening up will not be closed, but will only be opened wider and wider.
With the domestic large cycle as the main body, it is by no means closed and closed for operation, but by giving full play to the potential of domestic demand, the domestic market and the international market will be better connected, and the two domestic and international markets and two resources will be better utilized to achieve stronger and more sustainable development.
At the same time, expanding domestic demand and opening up are not contradictory, the smoother the domestic cycle, the more conducive to building a new pattern of opening up, and the more conducive to participating in international cooperation and forming new competitive advantages.
Although protectionism is now rising internationally, we must stand on the right side of history, persist in deepening reform, expanding opening up, strengthening cooperation in opening up in the field of science and technology, promoting the construction of an open world economy, and promoting the building of a community with a shared future for mankind.
The Chinese nation has experienced many hardships in history, but it has never been crushed, but has become more and more courageous, growing and rising from hardships.
On the way forward, we have the strong leadership of the CPC Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, the obvious advantages of the socialist system with Chinese characteristics, the strong mobilization ability and the strong comprehensive strength, and the united struggle of the whole Party, the army and the people of all ethnic groups in the country. We will surely overcome all difficulties and obstacles, maintain the good momentum of China's economic and social development, build a moderately prosperous society in all respects, and successfully start a new journey of building a modern socialist country in all respects!
Yu’ebao’s earnings decline “Post-90s” instead “retaliate” saving money?
With Yu’ebao’s earnings going down, “Post-90s” not only did not flee Yu’ebao, but began to “retaliate” saving money?
The “Yuebao Post-90s Saving Money Report” (2020 edition) released by the China Academy of New Economic Research jointly with Alipay a few days ago shows that in the first half of the year, “post-90s” love saving money more: the amount of money saved per capita has increased by nearly 40% compared to 2019 .
Interestingly, “post-90s” are more inclined to start saving from a “small amount of money”, and 60% of the average amount of money saved per transaction is below 20 yuan... ....
Saving money with Yu’ebao has also become the “post-90s” saving habit.
The data shows that of the 700 million Yu’ebao users, 134 million are “post-90s”.
There are 174 million “post-90s” in China, that is, about 3 out of every 4 “post-90s” across the country are saving money with Yu’ebao.
At present, the 7-day annualized rate of return of money funds such as Yu’ebao has slipped to about 1.5% from a level above 2% at the beginning of the year.
Even so, it has not affected the pace of “post-90s” saving money.
And in the context of the “money saving effect” of Yu’ebao, many young people who are used to using Yu’E Bao have also been directly converted into “basic people”.
Alipay data shows that as of July 13, the “new Jimin” on Alipay in the past month has more than doubled year-on-year, and more and more young people are achieving “advanced” financial management on Alipay.
Some analysts believe that the inflow of funds from Yu’ebao into the stock market is also an important reason for the clear decline in the share of money funds in June.
The report also shows that “post-90s” girls are more inclined to save more money, with an average amount of money saved by two percent higher than that of boys; among the users who hold funds on the Alipay platform, 60% are men, and women tend to choose a more robust financial management method compared to men.
After saving money, what is the plan for the “post-90s”?
Alipay data shows that the “post-90s” have the habit of saving money as a goal, and the users who take travel as their goal to save money are the most.
Affected by the epidemic, many "post-90s" have saved money to prepare for travel after the epidemic; the resumption of cinemas has also provided a new way to switch from saving to consumption.
Let a brightly-colored party flag fly high on the flood-fighting embankment.
Recently, the south of our country has been affected by continuous rainfall, and the situation of flood control and flood-fighting is very grim, causing disasters in 26 provinces (districts and cities) including Guizhou, Sichuan, Hunan, Guangxi, Guangdong, and Hubei.
The disaster is the order, the disaster-stricken area is the battlefield, and in the face of the disaster, the party flag is the battle flag. Party organizations at all levels, the majority of party members and cadres, and the people’s disciples resolutely follow the spirit of General Secretary Jinping’s important instructions on flood control and disaster relief work, and quickly devote themselves to the front line of flood control and flood-fighting rescue and relief, becoming the backbone of the masses in the disaster-stricken area and the fresh force of the flood-fighting battle.
The brightly-colored party flag flying high on the flood-fighting embankment is a manifestation of loyalty and a call of mission.
In the face of disasters, a party organization is a battle fortress, and a party member cadre is a flag.
On the flood-fighting front lines everywhere, party organizations at all levels and the majority of party members and cadres embody a high degree of loyalty to the party, obey the call of the Party Central Committee, and with the actions of “see me,” the pace of “come with me,” and the courage of “I go first,” to build an unbreakable steel fortress and stand up a sturdy and unbending Chinese ridge.
The brightly-colored party flag fluttering high on the flood-fighting embankment is the perseverance of the position and the clarion call to charge.
In the face of flood disasters, party organizations at all levels acted quickly, sounded the “charge trumpets” for flood fighting, and planted the bright-colored party flags on the flood-fighting embankment. The vast number of party members and cadres and the people’s disciples stood firm on the flood-fighting positions, and with the will and actions of “the party flag is at the position,” and “the flood will never recede, never withdraw troops,” became the most assured and trustworthy strong barrier for the masses in the disaster-stricken areas.
The brightly-colored party flag flying high on the flood-fighting embankment is a selfless dedication and a responsibility.
In times of crisis, show the true character of party members, and at a time when the lives and property of the people are seriously threatened, party members and cadres, the people’s children and soldiers, take care of everyone, selflessly and dare to take responsibility, and regard winning the hard battle of flood control, flood relief, rescue and disaster relief as the main battlefield and parade ground for comprehensive testing of ability, style, and literacy. It is this spirit of selfless dedication and responsibility that greatly inspires the confidence and determination of the people in the disaster-stricken areas to win the battle against floods, and gathers a strong spiritual force to win the flood control, rescue, and disaster relief.
“People first, life first” is not only tested in peacetime, but also at critical moments.
On the flood-fighting embankment, the majority of party members, cadres, and people’s children and soldiers, let the people see the bright red party flag, the figure of struggle, and the voice of encouragement at any time and anywhere, add luster to the party flag with the steel embankment that cannot be washed away by the flood, and let a bright party flag fly high on the flood-fighting embankment!
APEC member trade ministers say they will accelerate regional economic recovery - Xinhua.
KUALA LUMPUR, July 25 (Reporter Lin Hao) The Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) member trade ministers video conference held on the 25th pledged to work to reduce the impact of the new crown epidemic on the regional economy and accelerate the promotion of a resilient, sustainable and inclusive regional economic recovery.
The meeting was hosted by Malaysia, the host of this year's APEC leaders' informal meeting.
A joint statement issued after the meeting said that APEC member trade ministers recognize the importance of a free, open, fair, non-discriminatory, transparent and predictable trade and investment environment to drive economic recovery at this challenging time.
All parties committed to ensure that the emergency measures taken to respond to the outbreak are targeted, appropriate, transparent and temporary, do not create unnecessary trade barriers and disrupt global supply chains, while complying with World Trade Organization rules.
In the statement, APEC member trade ministers committed to strengthen cooperation to promote the flow of essential goods and services, promote interconnectivity by strengthening supply chain resilience, and minimize disruptions to the flow of medical supplies, food and agricultural products in response to the outbreak.
APEC member trade ministers unanimously agreed that it is necessary to discuss how to reduce non-tariff barriers that restrict trade in essential goods, reaffirming their commitment to promoting essential cross-border movement of people without affecting the measures taken to stem the spread of the outbreak.
The meeting also issued a declaration on promoting the flow of essential goods.
The declaration stated that economies will ensure that the trade measures they have taken to respond to the outbreak are in line with WTO regulations, and committed to taking actions in reducing non-tariff trade barriers and promoting trade to facilitate the flow of essential goods under the outbreak.
Malaysian Minister of International Trade and Industry Azmin Ali, who chaired the meeting, said that despite the impact of the epidemic, Malaysia remains committed to promoting the success of this year's APEC meeting, and the work of formulating APEC's post-2020 cooperation vision is progressing in an orderly manner.
Malaysia agreed to hold relevant APEC meetings in video format, but did not rule out the possibility of arranging a physical meeting at the end of the APEC informal leaders' meeting.
A total of 13 people from the Information Department of the Philippine Presidential Office have tested positive - China News Service |
(Fighting New Crown Pneumonia) A total of 13 people from the Information Department of the Presidential Office of the Philippines have tested positive.
China News Service MANILA, July 26 (Reporter Guan Xiangdong) The Information Department of the Presidential Office of the Philippines (PCOO) issued a circular on the 25th that Secretary Martin Andanal of the Philippine Presidential Office (PCOO) on the 24th tested negative for the new crown pneumonia.
As of the afternoon of the same day, a total of 13 staff members of the PCOO had tested positive, after three positive persons and one death and two were still receiving treatment.
On the 24th, Andanar and 49 PCOO staff members were tested for the new crown pneumonia due to contact with an infected staff member of the PCOO.
The report released on the 25th showed that 10 of the staff members tested positive.
Marvin Gatpayat, PCOO Undersecretary for Administrative and Legal Affairs, said that the department, located in the new executive office building of the Presidential Palace, was scheduled to resume office on the 27th, the same day President Duterte delivered his fifth State of the Nation Address.
On the same day, Martin Andanal assured the public that the PCOO continues to fulfill its duties to the Filipino people, ensuring that important information is provided to the public in a timely manner, while strengthening contact tracing and testing to avoid further spread of the new coronavirus pneumonia among PCOO staff members, and he prays for the speedy recovery of the staff members who tested positive.
The Philippine Department of Health announced that there were 2019 new confirmed cases in the country on the same day, with a total of 12,784 cases, of which 50,763 were still sick, nearly 90% were mild, 9% were asymptomatic, and less than 1% were severe and critical cases.
France to increase military investment in space - Xinhuanet.
French Defense Minister Florence Parly said on the 24th that France will add hundreds of millions of euros to its space defense budget and develop a space military force to guard against possible "unfriendly moves" by other countries in outer space.
Parly told the Provence newspaper on the same day that the French space military project spending budget will increase to 4.3 billion euros ($5 billion) from the previously proposed 3.6 billion euros (about 4.2 billion dollars) between 2019 and 2025.
According to the "French Military Planning Act 2019 to 2025" approved by the French parliament in 2018, France is expected to update the existing observation satellites and communication satellites, launch three electromagnetic listening satellites, and improve the modernization of space surveillance radars in the future.
French President Emmanuel Macron announced last July that a Space Military Command and an "Aviation and Space Force" will be established within the French Air Force.
Parly said that she will formally announce the establishment of this space force when she visits a military school in Salon in the Provence region later.
Parly said that this space force is affiliated with the Air Force, with a staffing of 500 people by 2025. "This is a space force."
"People used to think that space served the common interests of science, but this idea is gone. Today, space is a place where countries compete for global supremacy," she said.
Parly reiterated Macron's previous statement that the French side has no intention of provoking an arms race.
"We are by no means engaged in an arms race. But it is my responsibility to fully recognize the threats we may face."
Parly reiterated the 2017 surveillance of a military satellite shared by France and Italy.
She claimed that the "peeping" was a Russian satellite.
The Russian side denied this claim.
Parly said that France "soon" will have small patrol satellites capable of reconnaissance and targeting the "black hands behind those unfriendly moves."
French media believe that France's quest to establish a space force stems from U.S. President Donald Trump's request last February for the U.S. Defense Ministry to draft a bill to establish a space force.
Trump signed a defense authorization bill last December, approving the establishment of the sixth largest U.S. military, the Space Force.
Some experts fear that these moves have accelerated the pace of U.S. space militarization and may trigger a new round of space arms race.
Xinhua News Agency, Hohhot, July 26 (Reporter Jia Lijun) The reporter learned at the Yellow River Haibo Bay Water Conservancy Junction Administration that the Haibo Bay Water Conservancy Junction Administration has been actively defusing the No. 2 flood of this year for several days. As of the afternoon of the 26th, the upstream inflow and outflow water volume were the same, and various monitoring data were normal, and the flood was passing through the Wuhai section of the Yellow River in Inner Mongolia smoothly.
In response to this flood process, the Yellow River Haibo Bay Water Conservancy Junction, located in Wuhai City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, has gradually lowered the water level of the reservoir from 00:00 on July 23, and the outbound flow shall be controlled and discharged at no more than 3000 cubic meters per second, and the water level in front of the dam has dropped to 1071 meters, freeing up the flood control storage capacity.
At the same time, the operation of sand discharge dispatching has been started.
For several days, the Yellow River Haibo Bay Water Conservancy Junction Administration has paid close attention to water conditions and development and changes in the flood season for 24 hours, strengthened reservoir operation and dam safety management, strengthened inspection and protection work on the left and right banks of the reservoir and important parts, especially the dangerous sections, to ensure the safety of flood control.
As of 17:00 on July 26, the inbound flow of the Haibo Bay Water Conservancy Junction was 2,760 cubic meters per second, the outbound flow was 2,760 cubic meters per second, and the water level in front of the dam was 1071.5 meters.
At present, the hydraulic structures such as the flood discharge dam section, the earth-rock dam section and the tailwater slope are normal, and the various monitoring data fluctuate within the normal range, and this year’s No. 2 flood of the Yellow River is passing through the Wuhai section of Inner Mongolia smoothly.
Jiangxi Finance Emergency Issued 280 Million Yuan Funds to Support Post-Disaster Relief and Reconstruction in Various Places - China News Service.
On July 24, in Hukou County, Jiujiang City, Jiangxi Province, officers and soldiers of a department of the 71st Group Army of the Chinese People's Liberation Army, which rushed to aid the local flood fighting, used the reserve gap to help a vegetable planting professional cooperative in Hukou County rush to harvest peppers.
Affected by the previous heavy rainfall, hundreds of acres of red peppers planted by the cooperative were severely affected, and the losses would be even greater if they were not picked in time.
Photo by China News Service reporter Tomita.
China News Service Nanchang, July 26 (Yuan Rujing) The Jiangxi Provincial Finance Department announced on the 26th that according to the work deployment and requirements of the Jiangxi Provincial Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters, the provincial fiscal emergency issued 280 million yuan of central and provincial disaster relief funds to provide financial guarantee for flood prevention and rescue and relief work for the affected people.
Since July, the flood season and disaster situation in Jiangxi have been escalating.
The flood disaster has caused 10.07 billion yuan of direct economic losses in the province's agriculture and rural areas, and the affected area is 13.169 million mu.
On July 17 and July 22, Jiangxi Provincial Finance has successively issued 60 million yuan and 200 million yuan in central disaster relief funds.
At the same time, according to the changes in the disaster situation, 20.3 million yuan of provincial disaster relief funds have been issued in three consecutive batches from the province's emergency management special funds to support post-disaster relief and reconstruction in various places.
The relevant person in charge of the Jiangxi Provincial Finance Department said on the 26th that before the arrival of the flood season, 173 million yuan of various types of disaster prevention and mitigation funds have been issued to ensure early detection, early disposal and early resolution of risks and disasters, and to provide financial support for flood fighting and rescue work.
At present, the water level in the Jiangxi section of the Yangtze River and Poyang Lake, China's largest freshwater lake, is in a state of high and slow receding.
Jiangxi Provincial Prevention Pointer lowered the emergency response level for flood prevention to level II at 18 o'clock on the 24th, and adjusted the provincial disaster relief emergency response level from level II to level III.
Various work such as disaster assessment and post-disaster recovery and reconstruction will continue.
Chinanews.com, Kunming, July 25 (Du Xiaoxiao) The reporter learned from the Yunnan Provincial Department of Finance on the 25th that recently, Yunnan Provincial Finance has strengthened fund-raising, first issued a total of 2 billion yuan (RMB, the same below) provincial award and subsidy funds for 20 "beautiful counties" named by the Yunnan Provincial People's Government, and each "beautiful county" received 100 million yuan in awards and subsidies.
On February 26, 2019, the Yunnan Provincial People's Government issued the "Guiding Opinions on the Construction of "Beautiful County", which made it clear that Yunnan will build a group of "beautiful counties" with distinctive features, perfect functions, beautiful ecology, and livable and suitable industries in the province through 3-year efforts.
At present, Yunnan has announced 20 "beautiful counties" such as Tengchong City, Shangri-La City, Ruili City, Weishan Yi and Hui Autonomous County, Ximeng Wa Autonomous County, and Pingbian Miao Autonomous County.
It is reported that this provincial award and subsidy fund focuses on the three goals and requirements of "clean, livable, and distinctive" construction of "beautiful county towns", focuses on public and public welfare projects, supports accelerating the completion of shortcomings and weaknesses, high-standard and high-quality construction, and earnestly advances "beautiful county towns" as projects of the heart and people's livelihood.
The Yunnan Provincial Department of Finance will work with the Yunnan Provincial Development and Reform Commission to strengthen the supervision of provincial-level awards and subsidies, guide and urge all localities to take effective and effective measures, speed up budget implementation, timely convert funds into "beautiful county towns" construction effectiveness, strengthen performance monitoring, and improve the efficiency and efficiency of fund use.
On July 26, local time, Estonian state radio and television reported that a Mercedes-Benz with Estonian license plates veered off the roadway early on the morning of the 26th near the Berlin Zoo in Germany, injuring seven people.
A rescue helicopter arrived for rescue.
The driver of the car, which drove into the crowd, was detained by police.
German authorities said an investigation had been launched, and there was no indication at this time that the incident was politically or religiously motivated.
Shortly afterward, police reported that the 24-year-old driver lost control of the vehicle while making a left turn and was likely speeding.
The person has been arrested and criminal charges have been filed.
Alexander Linde, chief operating officer of the Estonian Police and Border Service, said that German police have been in contact with the Estonian Police and Border Service.
"I confirm the claims in the news that the incident has no reason to suspect terrorism or that it was politically or religiously motivated," Linde said.
Shaanxi: cracking the problem of helping people after relocation to avoid the masses' "two-end running" - Chinanews.com.
Shaanxi: cracking the problem of helping the relocated masses after relocation to avoid the "two-headed running" of the masses.
CCTV News: In response to the follow-up difficulties encountered by the relocated masses in integrating into local life, Langao County, Ankang, Shaanxi, innovated the construction of a "Nearly Neighbor Home" based on local actualities to guide the relocated villagers to transform into citizens, so as to achieve stable housing, quick integration, and be able to get rich.
Langao County is located in the Qinba Mountain area, and nearly one-third of the local population has walked out of the mountains through immigration relocation.
This year, 39-year-old Chai Changjiang relocated from Zhongwu Village, Yanmen Town, Langao County to Mingzhu Community, Democracy Town.
He came to the "Good Neighbors Home" where the community is located with an endowment insurance card, and finished this year's endowment insurance in less than two minutes.
Earlier this year, Langao County brought all businesses, such as employment, civil affairs, medical insurance, etc. into management through the construction of "Nearly Neighbors Home", and the relocated masses could handle business at their doorsteps.
In Mingzhu Community, 305 residents entered the local community factories to work through the "Nearly Neighbors Home" recruitment information.
At present, more than 31 centralized resettlement points for more than 100 households in Langao County have achieved full coverage of community factories, providing 2,598 jobs.
The report says that the shared accommodation market has started to pick up since March - China News Service.
(Reporter Yang Zhaokui) The "China Shared Accommodation Development Report 2020" (hereinafter referred to as the "Report") released by the Sharing Economy Research Center of the National Information Center a few days ago shows that due to the impact of the epidemic, in the first five months of 2020, the transaction volume of China's shared accommodation market decreased by 72.1% year-on-year.
However, the shared accommodation market has started to pick up since March, and the market transaction volume, order volume, and number of receptions have gradually recovered.
The "Report" shows that the transaction volume of the shared accommodation market has declined sharply, on the one hand, due to the sharp decline in the demand for travel accommodation under the epidemic prevention and control, and the number of orders has dropped sharply, with the total number of orders in the first five months falling by 65% year-on-year, and the number of receptions falling by 63% year-on-year; on the other hand, the weak demand also led to a more obvious decline in room-night prices, with the average room-night price in the first five months falling by 16% year-on-year.
However, the market transaction volume in March, April, and May increased by 78%, 199%, and 35% month-on-month, respectively; the number of orders increased by 141%, 152%, and 50% month-on-month; and the number of receptionists increased by 81%, 112%, and 28% month-on-month, respectively.
The "Report" pointed out that the development of the shared accommodation industry is promising for a long time, but there are still many uncertainties in the near future.
In this regard, Yu Fengxia, deputy director of the Sharing Economy Research Center of the National Information Center, told the Workers Daily reporter that the development of shared accommodation needs more powerful policy support. On the one hand, it needs to do a good job in the implementation of policies that have been introduced in the previous period, further strengthen policy publicity, and focus on creating a better business environment; on the other hand, it needs to further stimulate consumer demand, enrich the supply of tourism accommodation services, innovate service methods, and strengthen cooperation between the government and platform enterprises, and so on, to further increase policy guidance and support.
A new coronavirus outbreak has emerged at a plant of ArcelorMittal, the world's largest steel producer, in the Mexican city of Lazaro Cardenas, with 21 deaths so far, according to Reuters.
The dead included employees, contractors and suppliers of the plant, said Solorio, secretary general of the local chapter of the Mexican Mining and Metallurgical Workers' Union, according to reports.
Solorio said that since April, there have been 21 deaths at the plant, nine of whom were union members.
It is possible that workers contracted the virus outside the plant due to strict hygiene measures in place at the plant.
The plant employs more than 7,000 people, according to the union.
As of July 25, Mexico had more than 385,000 confirmed cases and more than 40,000 deaths, with Mexico having the fourth-highest number of new crown deaths in the world.
China News Service, Xiamen, July 26 (Yang Fushan Zhang Shushan Xu Jingyi) The vascular surgery department of Shanghai Changhai Hospital of the Naval Military Medical University, a famous vascular surgery center in China, signed a contract with the Vascular Surgery Department of Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University here on the 25th to join hands in setting up a collaboration center to promote exchanges and cooperation between the two sides in the field of vascular surgery, especially in the field of aortic emergency and critical care.
Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University said that after the vascular surgeries of the two hospitals are officially formed as collaborative units, remote consultations will be carried out, real-time online consultation with Changhai Hospital will be conducted to formulate treatment plans, talents will be selected for further training, and weekly joint surgical technical exchanges, teaching rounds, etc. For complex cases, Changhai experts can be invited to the hospital to perform surgery according to the needs of patients, so that patients in southwestern Fujian can enjoy the top domestic medical resources without leaving the province.
The two hospitals will also work together to carry out surgical innovation and scientific research, popularization of aortic disease science and early screening, and so on.
The aortic special seminar hosted by Beijing Health Promotion Association and undertaken by Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University was held in Xiamen on the same day.
The two well-known hospitals in Shanghai and Xiamen held a vascular surgery collaboration center signing ceremony at the same time at the meeting, announcing the formation of collaborative units to jointly improve the treatment level of vascular surgery-related diseases in southwestern Fujian.
Shanghai Changhai Hospital Vascular Surgery is the only vascular surgery institute in the whole army and the only clinical medical center for vascular system diseases in Shanghai, as well as the first national key discipline of vascular surgery, and led the establishment of the Chinese Association of Physicians Endovascular Specialty Committee, which is a top team with deep accumulation in the industry.
Professor Huang Xiaojin, director of Vascular Surgery of Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University, was interviewed by the media.
Vascular Surgery of Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University is the first independent discipline set up vascular surgery in Fujian Province, and has long been committed to the diagnosis and treatment of aortic and peripheral vascular diseases, and in 2018, it was approved to build a provincial key clinical specialty.
In terms of aortic disease treatment, in addition to the treatment of dissecting aneurysms and aortic aneurysms, it has rich experience in emergency ruptured aortic aneurysms.
“The vascular surgery of Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University is very outstanding in this region in terms of its history of development, the breadth, difficulty, and complexity of performing operations. Therefore, this time we set up a collaboration center, in addition to the aorta aspect, we can also carry out all-round in-depth cooperation in medical, teaching, and scientific research in the diagnosis and treatment of lower extremity artery and carotid artery diseases.”
said Professor Feng Rui, deputy director of vascular surgery at Shanghai Changhai Hospital.
In 2018, Zhongshan Hospital Affiliated to Xiamen University and Shanghai Changhai Hospital signed a contract to establish the “Li Zhaoshen Famous Doctor Studio” for the Department of Gastroenterology.
Professor Huang Xiaojin, director of the vascular surgery department of the hospital, said in an interview with a reporter from Chinanews.com that the vascular surgery department of the hospital has also had a long history of exchanges with Changhai Hospital, and the two hospitals formally formed a collaborative unit this time, bringing the cooperation and exchanges between the two sides to a new level.
He said that the hospital will regularly invite Shanghai experts to Xiamen to carry out surgical technology exchanges, teaching rounds, and difficult case discussions, and at the same time, further carry out remote consultations, and currently plan to conduct remote consultations once a week; in addition, the department will also send personnel for further study and exchanges to strengthen the training and development of the discipline talent team.
The reporter learned at the meeting that vascular disease is the number one cause of death in China, and the aorta, as the main artery of various organs of the human body, flows from the heart to the whole body and plays an important role.
The occurrence of aortic disease is often accompanied by high risk, high mortality, and high difficulty in treatment, and the thickest section of the aorta has a diameter of 4cm. Once a hemangioma is formed, rupture occurs, or the intima of the blood vessel ruptures to produce dissection, which will cause massive bleeding, which is very dangerous.
In recent years, with the change of people’s lifestyle and the acceleration of the pace of life, China has become the world’s largest country with hypertension, and aortic disease has also increased. Nowadays, with the development of surgical technology and industrial materials, the treatment of aortic disease continues to develop in a minimally invasive, rapid, and efficient direction.
Doctors can properly “change the lane” for blood flow by puncturing from the thigh and inserting a stent in the aorta, thereby avoiding the impact of aneurysm rupture or dissection, and achieving good treatment results, and some surgeries even require local anesthesia.
This academic seminar invited more than ten domestic experts to discuss the new progress in the treatment of aortic disease, and carry out cutting-edge technical training and discussion of difficult cases in the form of conference salons.
The reporter learned at the meeting that with the development of surgical technology and industrial materials, the current treatment for aortic disease continues to develop in a minimally invasive, rapid, and efficient direction.
The National Defense General Administration continues to maintain the Yangtze River and Huaihe flood control level II response - Xinhuanet.com.
There will be heavy rainfall in the Sichuan Basin to the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River.
The National Defense General Administration continues to maintain the Yangtze River and Huaihe flood control level II response.
The reporter learned from the Emergency Management Department on the 25th: It is expected that by the 27th, there will be heavy rainfall in the Sichuan Basin to the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River, and continuous attention needs to be paid to the impact on the flood situation of the Yangtze and Huaihe Rivers. The embankments in some areas of the Yangtze River and Huaihe River Basin are soaked in high water levels for a long time, and the risk of landslides, collapses, and pipe surges is high.
The National Defense General Economic Association has consulted and judged and decided to continue to maintain the Yangtze River and Huaihe flood control level II response.
On the 25th, the Ministry of Water Resources discussed that the main stream of the middle and lower reaches of the Yangtze River maintains a high water level, the flood peak of the Huaihe River passes through the Bengbu section of Anhui, and the water level of Taihu Lake has continued to exceed the alarm for 28 days and exceed the protection for 9 days. The current flood control situation is still grim, and the flood control work cannot be relaxed at all, and we must continue to do a solid job of various defenses.
At the same time, do a good job in the prevention of heavy rainfall in the southwest and North China areas.
The Ministry of Water Resources maintains a flood and drought disaster defense level II emergency response.
At the request of the Jiangxi Provincial Defense Office, the National Defense Office, the Emergency Management Department urgently dispatched 20 sets of high-flow professional waterlogging trucks from Shandong, Jiangsu, Zhejiang Fire and Rescue Corps and Fujian Longyan Qiaolong Emergency Equipment Co., Ltd. to help solve the serious disasters such as urban waterlogging and farmland blistering caused by heavy rainfall in Jiangxi.
On the 25th, all equipment has arrived at the front line of flood fighting and rescue in Jiangxi.
In accordance with the unified dispatch of the local government, the Jiangxi Flood Rescue Front Headquarters of the Fire and Rescue Bureau of the Emergency Management Department immediately arranged the Jiangxi Fire Rescue Corps and reinforcements from surrounding provinces to set up 20 professional waterlogging detachments to carry out waterlogging rescue missions in Nanchang, Jiujiang and Shangrao, Jiangxi.
At the same time, the State Defense Office and the Emergency Management Department also urgently called 100 sets of central reserve flood control supplies trailer pumping stations to support the flood fighting and rescue and drainage work in Jiangxi Province.
The Anhui Provincial Flood Control and Drought Relief Command announced that from 12 o’clock on July 25, relevant areas in the Yangtze River, Huaihe River and Chaohu Basin in Anhui entered the emergency flood control period.
The Hefei Municipal Disaster Reduction Committee decided to upgrade the Hefei disaster relief emergency response to level II at 10 o’clock on July 25th.
On July 25, the Sichuan Provincial Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters issued the first yellow warning for mountain flood disasters after this year’s flood season.
The early warning pointed out that from 20:00 on July 25 to 20:00 on the 26th, the possibility of mountain flood disasters in Dazhu County of Dazhou City, Linshui County of Guang’an City, Meigu County, Leibo County, Mianning County, Yuexi County, Xide County, Zhaojue County, and Jinyang County of Liangshan Yi Autonomous Prefecture was more likely.
In addition, several areas such as Kaijiang County and Dachuan District of Dazhou City may have mountain flood disasters.
The Jiangsu Provincial Department of Water Resources changed and issued a flood warning for the Nanjing section of the Yangtze River at 15:30 on July 25, from red to orange early warning, and upgraded the orange early warning for floods in the Jiangsu section of the Huai River at 10:30.
Currently, there are still 29 rivers (lakes) in Jiangsu, with a total of 44 stations whose water levels are over-warning and over-preservation.
Recently, the Yangtze River and Huaihe River basins in China have suffered flood disasters, and some of the affected people have moved to the flood control resettlement sites to live temporarily.
The resettlement sites have concentrated personnel, and the temporary use of fire and electricity has increased, and the fire risk has increased.
The Fire and Rescue Bureau of the Emergency Management Department issued fire safety tips for flood control resettlement sites on July 25, calling on management units to implement the main responsibility of fire safety, strengthen mass safety precautions, and jointly create a good fire safety environment.
(Reported by our reporters Dingyi Ting, Wang Hao, Ni Yi, Yao Qingxue, Youyi, Wang Yongzhan, and Zhao Beijia)
On July 24, iQIYI "Zhengtu" also embarked on the journey of online broadcasting - Xinhuanet.com.
Directed by Chen Desen, produced by Zheng Baorui, and starring Liu Xianhua, He Rundong, Lin Chenhan, Jiang Luxia, etc., the action-adventure film "Zhengtu" will be launched on July 24 on iQIYI.
This is also the second large-scale film to choose online broadcasting after "囧 Mother".
Adapted from the online game of the same name, "Zhengtu" tells the story of Qingyuan Village teenager Dong Yilong and Chu family warrior Chu Hun, who embarked on a journey to participate in the selection of marshal of the Southern Zhao state soldiers and horses, and on the way they meet the little sister of King Kong, and the three team up to complete their mission together.
This year marks the 15th anniversary of the IP of the game "Zhengtu", and the launch of the film of the same name is undoubtedly a tribute to the classic game.
At the same time as the announcement of the finalization, the film "Zhengtu" released the "national war" version of the finalization poster and the "Live To Live" pilot trailer.
The excellent picture quality presents the grand national battle picture of the journey world, and portrays the profound brotherhood of the two protagonists, Dong Yilong and Chu Hun.
"Zhengtu" chooses the overhead era to build the background story.
In the fictional Central Plains, among the ten kingdoms on the mainland, Zhao Guo and Beiyan are closer than neighbors.
In order to defend against the increasingly powerful Beiyan, Nanzhao held a contest to select talents.
The news spread to the remote Qingyuan village, the villager Dong Yilong wanted to be the flag-bearer of the family and went out on behalf of the Qingyuan family, but the villagers questioned his qualifications, and after some efforts, Yilong finally embarked on the journey with the warrior Chu Hun.
The total investment of the film is nearly 300 million yuan, and the special effects shot ratio of the whole film is as high as 80%.
It is conceivable that special effects have become one of the biggest highlights of "Zhengtu".
And the post-production special effects team is also quite talented, and MORE VFX, the special effects team that created "The Wandering Earth", is in charge of restoring the "Zhengtu" world with imaginative visual art as well as top technology.
Some of these classic game scenes, Phoenix, Qingyuan Village, and Beastmaster Valley will also appear in the movie, and gamers will set off a wave of nostalgia when they arrive.
In addition to the special effects team, the behind-the-scenes production is also a gang of accomplished figures in the industry.
Director Chen Desen has directed "October Besieged City" and "Purple Rain Storm", and producer Zheng Baorui has filmed "Kill the Wolf 2", "The Sun Wukong of Journey to the West: Three Beats the White Bone Spirit" and so on. The action scenes are in charge of the Best Action Director Dong Wei at the Golden Horse Awards and the Golden Horse Awards, and the art director Mai Guoqiang is also the winner of the best beauty finger at the two Golden Awards.
Reporter Nie Qing
National Health Commission: 46 new confirmed cases on July 25, 22 cases in Xinjiang, 13 cases in Liaoning - Economic Observatory.
According to the National Health Commission, from 0-24 o'clock on July 25, 31 provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government) and Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps reported 46 new confirmed cases, including 11 imported cases from abroad (5 in Inner Mongolia, 3 in Guangdong, 1 in Tianjin, 1 in Fujian, 1 in Shandong), 35 local cases (22 in Xinjiang, 13 in Liaoning), no new deaths, and 2 new suspected cases, both imported from abroad (1 in Inner Mongolia and 1 in Shanghai).
There were 19 newly cured and discharged cases on the same day, 673 close contacts released from medical observation, and 7 severe cases compared with the previous day.
There were 82 existing confirmed cases imported from abroad (including 2 severe cases), and 3 existing suspected cases.
A total of 2045 confirmed cases, 1963 cured and discharged cases, and no deaths.
As of 24:00 on July 25, according to reports from 31 provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government) and Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps, there are 288 existing confirmed cases (including 18 severe cases), 78,908 cured and discharged cases, 4634 deaths, 83,830 confirmed cases and 3 existing suspected cases.
A total of 779,000 close contacts have been traced, and 11,762 close contacts are still under medical observation.
Thirty-one provinces (autonomous regions, municipalities directly under the Central Government) and Xinjiang Production and Construction Corps reported 68 new asymptomatic infections (8 imported from abroad), 17 transferred to confirmed cases (no imported from abroad) on the same day, 10 released from medical observation (7 imported from abroad) on the same day, and 292 asymptomatic infections (91 imported from abroad) still under medical observation.
A total of 9,300 confirmed cases were notified in Hong Kong, Macao and Taiwan.
Among them, 2,505 cases were reported in the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region (1455 cases discharged, 18 deaths), 46 cases were in the Macao Special Administrative Region (46 cases discharged), and 458 cases were in Taiwan (440 cases discharged, 7 deaths).
The longest high-speed railway tunnel in the Three Gorges Reservoir Area runs through - Chinanews.com.
2020-07-26 17:34:48 Source: China News Author: Chen Haifeng Responsible Editor: Chen Haifeng.
The picture shows the construction site of the Small Three Gorges Tunnel.
Photo courtesy of China Railway Chengdu Bureau Group Company.
China News Service, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporter Han Lu) The reporter learned from China Railway Chengdu Bureau Group Co., Ltd. on the 26th that the Zhengzhou-Wanzhou High-speed Railway Small Three Gorges Tunnel with a total length of about 18.9 kilometers was completed on the same day.
It is understood that the Small Three Gorges Tunnel is not only the longest high-speed railway tunnel within the Three Gorges Reservoir Area, but also the longest single-hole double-track high-speed railway tunnel with a design speed of 350 km/h among the projects currently under construction in China.
The Zhengzhou-Wanzhou High-speed Railway is located in the three provinces and cities of Henan, Hubei and Chongqing, connecting the Beijing-Guangzhou and Xulan high-speed railways in Zhengzhou in the north, and the Chongqing-Wanzhou-Wanzhou High-speed Railway in the south of Wanzhou, arriving in Chongqing. It is an important part of the riverside passage and the Hunan passage in China's "eight vertical and eight horizontal" high-speed railway network.
The Zhengzhou-Wanzhou High-speed Railway Small Three Gorges Tunnel was completed on the 26th.
The picture shows the penetration site.
The Zhengzhou-Wanzhou High-speed Railway starts from Zhengzhou City, Henan Province, and goes southwest through Pingshanding City, Nanyang City, and Xiangyang City in Hubei Province to Wanzhou District of Chongqing City. The newly-built line has a total length of about 818 kilometers and a design speed of 350 km/h, and is about 184 kilometers in Chongqing.
Among them, the Zhengzhou-Xiangyang section has been opened for operation in advance on December 1, 2019, and the Chongqing section is stepping up construction.
The Small Three Gorges Tunnel that runs through the entire line on the 26th is a controlled engineering project of the Zhengzhou-Wanzhou high-speed railway line, and is located at the junction of Fengjie County and Wushan County in Chongqing City, with a total length of about 18.9 kilometers and a maximum buried depth of 890 meters.
The tunnel began construction in February 2017, and on July 26, 2020, it was completed across the board.
According to Wang Guojun, the person in charge of Zhengzhou-Wanzhou High-speed Railway Tunnel Design of China Railway Second Academy Engineering Group Co., Ltd., the survey and design party, the location of the Small Three Gorges Tunnel is very complex in geological conditions and faces risks such as karst, muddy water inrush, and large deformation of soft rock. It is a Class I high-risk tunnel, and the tunnel design and construction are extremely difficult.
"During the project construction, we used geological survey method, geophysical prospecting method and advanced drilling method to advance geological prediction, and adopted special design schemes for more than 30 various types of karst caves. For example, a bridge with a length of 24 meters was designed and built, and large karst caves with a longitudinal length of over 10 meters and a depth of over 55 meters in the tunnel were designed and built to avoid tunnel settlement," said Wang Guojun.
According to the construction party, China Railway Tunnel Bureau, during the construction of the tunnel, a combination of dredging and blocking was adopted. By constructing horizontal tunneling of horizontal holes, grouting water blocking, strengthening tunnel structure support, and building sewage treatment stations, it not only ensured the orderly progress of the project, but also avoided the damage of the water body of the Small Three Gorges Scenic Area by construction drainage, and at the same time successfully overcame the construction problems such as bad geology such as large deformation of soft rock up to 7 kilometers, and multi-sudden mud inundation with a daily maximum water inflow of 157,000 cubic meters.
After the completion of the Zhengzhou-Wanzhou high-speed railway, it will become a new convenient and fast passenger transport main channel in southwest China to the Central Plains, North China, and Northeast China, which is of great significance for improving the capacity and quality of northeast railway passages in southwest China, improving the layout of regional road networks, accelerating the development of tourism resources and urbanization process along the line, promoting regional coordinated development, and promoting the implementation of the grand western development strategy.
Experts say collecting immigration data through the U.S. Census for allotment of House seats is unconstitutional.
Some civil rights groups and several U.S. cities and counties have sued the U.S. federal government, saying President Trump's attempt to exclude undocumented immigrants from the U.S. Census is unworkable and unconstitutional.
The U.S. Census will determine the allocation of seats in the U.S. House of Representatives.
"It's not going to work," Sarah Brannon, executive attorney for the American Civil Liberties Coalition, told VOA.
She went on to say that Trump's requirement to determine the citizenship status of people receiving the census in the census is difficult to do and "is not very reliable."
Another civil liberties group, Common Cause, filed a lawsuit Thursday challenging Trump's executive order.
Some cities in New Jersey, Georgia joined the lawsuit.
Arlington County, Virginia, joined the lawsuit Friday.
Garvey, president of Arlington County's board of management, said, "The U.S. Constitution requires an accurate count of our population every 10 years. We must accurately count every single person who lives in Arlington County and cannot allow this illegal attempt to scare people away and squeeze the number of people in our immigrant community."
Other organizations and individuals praised President Trump's executive order.
Alabama Attorney General Marshall called the executive order a "victory" for the state.
He said that "the allocation of state House seats and Electoral College seats must be based on the number of residents who live in each state and are legally resident."
The U.S. Supreme Court last year blocked the Trump administration from including the citizenship question on the 2020 census form.
President Trump signed an executive order earlier this week directing the U.S. Census Bureau's Commerce Secretary Ross to submit data on undocumented populations obtained from the census, so that the administration can exclude those undocumented people from state census numbers and, as a result, determine whether each state increases or decreases or keeps House seats.
The U.S. is to reallocate House seats every 10 years based on population changes.
Heavy rain falls in 33 districts and counties in Chongqing, local launches flood control level IV emergency response - China News Service.
Xinhua News Agency, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporters Ke Gaoyang, Li Song) The reporter learned from the Chongqing Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters that Chongqing ushered in a new round of heavy rainfall weather process from July 25th, 33 districts and counties fell torrential rain, and 4 small and medium-sized rivers experienced over-alert water level floods, and the local flood control level IV emergency response has been launched.
According to the monitoring of the Chongqing Hydrological Monitoring General Station, from 8:00 on the 25th to 8:00 on the 26th, most areas of Chongqing ushered in heavy to heavy rain, and 33 districts and counties such as Jiangjin, Qijiang, and Wulong experienced heavy rainfall, among which 16 districts and counties such as Wanzhou, Yunyang, and Nanchuan experienced heavy rainfall.
The maximum daily rainfall occurred in Longshan Village, Jinshan Town, Nanchuan, which was 197.5 mm.
Affected by the heavy rainfall, super-alert water level floods occurred in 4 small and medium-sized rivers in Lgzixi in Jiangjin District, Youjiang River in Muling District, Yingyang River in Kaizhou District, and Tuantan River in Yunyang County, and the water level is still rising.
The heavy rainfall also led to a landslide in Liujing Village, Wulong District, which caused the interruption of village road traffic, and the landslide body slipped into the Wujiang tributary along the Cang River, blocking the river to form a dam lake, and the local people have urgently organized the transfer of the people downstream.
In response to this heavy rain, the Chongqing Flood Control and Drought Relief Command issued a level III flood warning information for the river on the 26th at 13:00, and launched a flood control level IV emergency response, requiring relevant districts and counties to strengthen their patrol duty, promptly mobilize emergency teams and materials, and evacuate the people in the threatened areas.
Move in response to the situation and promote the construction of industrial projects - Shidiao Headlines - Hunan Daily Network - Huasheng Online.
In the midsummer of Hunan, the heat wave is blowing on the face.
And the enthusiasm released by the province's industrial project construction promotion on-site observation will overshadow the scorching summer heat, and the distinctive orientation of "comparing industry to strength and project-based hero" agitates Sanxiang and Four Waters.
Hunan's development always depends on building projects and cultivating industries.
In the face of a highly unusual first half of the year, under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee with Comrade Xi Jinping as the core, the whole province adhered to a game of chess, went all out to fight the two hard battles of epidemic prevention and flood control, and regarded industrial projects as the "first-hand chess" to implement the "six stability" and "six guarantees".
From a year-on-year decrease of 1.9% in GDP in the first quarter to a year-on-year growth of 1.3% in the first half of the year, the difficulties of the period and the enormous efforts are self-evident.
On this precious transcript, industrial project construction is the key support for Hunan to accelerate economic recovery and develop stable and sound development.
The situation is smooth and irreversible.
Industrial project construction should be put into the overall situation, and it is not only good at accumulating momentum, gaining momentum, and seeking momentum, but also good at changing awareness, seeking change, and adapting to changes.
Against the background of the current complex and severe international situation, in addition to tens of thousands of hard work to attract investment, it is also necessary to meditately study the new characteristics of the current situation, grasp the law, be more scientific and accurate, and better integrate into the new development pattern with the domestic large cycle as the main body and the mutual promotion of domestic and international double cycles.
More attention will be paid to upgrading the basic capabilities of industries.
In the first half of the year, not only a large number of heavyweight investment projects in emerging industries broke ground and sowed hope, but more traditional industrial enterprises accelerated the distribution of ideas in digital, intelligent, and green industrial transformation, and the ideas were flying.
The Yiyang Oshikang Third Science Park project transforms the existing production line, and the high-end printed circuit board intelligent production line seizes the opportunity; Hunan China Tobacco Changde Cigarette Factory’s new factory area is committed to intelligent transformation and the process of building a modern factory, which is also a vivid portrayal of “old trees sprout new shoots” ... Around the major national strategy and “two new and one heavy”, focus on consolidating and upgrading advantageous industries, actively cultivating and developing emerging industries, and comprehensively increasing technological innovation and localization substitution, in order to continuously consolidate basic conditions and accumulate transformational momentum.
Pay more attention to cultivating and developing new economic, new business formats and new models.
The sudden new crown epidemic has brought the popularity of the “cloud economy” and stimulated the potential of the digital economy, providing new opportunities for industrial transformation: In the first half of the year, the computer and office equipment manufacturing industry and electronic and communication equipment manufacturing industry in our province grew by 12.6%, the online retail sales of wholesale and retail enterprises above the designated size increased by 32.2% year-on-year, and the online meal income of catering enterprises increased by 35.6% year-on-year.
It is the general trend to cultivate new opportunities in crisis, open new doors amid changes, actively promote digital industrialization, industrial digitization, and guide the integrated development of the digital economy and the real economy.
Pay more attention to optimizing and stabilizing the industrial chain supply chain.
Construction machinery is the main force of Hunan’s industry, but two-thirds of the supporting enterprises are outside the province, and there is still room and potential in the supporting chain.
To strengthen the industrial chain thinking project, not only must the heads of enterprises continue to accumulate and achieve technological breakthroughs in key links of the industrial chain; all localities also need to devote themselves to cultivating to strengthen the chain extension chain to stimulate the “lock” reaction, promote the coordinated layout of related supporting industries, and accelerate the construction of an independent, controllable, safe and reliable industrial supply chain chain.
Overcoming difficulties and standing firm, Hunan is still a hot and happy land with a good business environment and emergence of market opportunities.
All parts of the province are hiring frequently, making new moves, and making real moves, taking the “burden reduction” of enterprises as bailouts to give birth to “acceleration” of high-quality development; Shaoyang implements “shareholder”-style services, doing business for enterprises without pushing back, honoring policies without discounting, and solving problems overnight... In the process of recovering the losses caused by the epidemic, there are “all kinds of ways” to identify shortcomings and pain points, and achievements are turned into vivid stories of crisis.
Researching industries, cultivating industries, developing industries with one mind, and solidly optimizing the business environment will surely win the favor of more investors.
The wind and waves are still ahead, but riding the wind and waves has become the norm for the whole province to grasp the construction of industrial projects and promote high-quality development.
At this critical period, it is necessary to study and implement the spirit of General Secretary Xi Jinping's series of important instructions and instructions, effectively respond to external uncertainties with the certainty of one's own work, persistently promote the construction of industrial projects, share enthusiasm and sweat together, and ensure a successful conclusion of the "13th Five-Year Plan" and the building of a moderately prosperous society in all respects.
The Moroccan Navy intercepts a batch of cannabis products in the Mediterranean Sea - China News Service |
Xinhua News Agency, Rabat, July 26 (Reporter Chen Binjie) According to Moroccan media reports on the 26th, the coast guard affiliated to the Moroccan Navy intercepted a batch of cannabis products in the Mediterranean that day, with a total weight of more than 1 ton.
The Moroccan official news agency, citing military sources, reported that the Moroccan coast guard intercepted a speedboat suspected of smuggling cannabis products while patrolling the Mediterranean that day, and the suspect threw the cannabis products on board into the sea before being arrested, and the coast guard then fished it up.
The report said that the Moroccan coast guard has handed over the suspect and the batch of cannabis products to relevant departments.
The Moroccan judicial department is conducting further investigations into the case.
Cultivate new formats and open up new spaces for employment-China News Network.
New employment modes are constantly emerging, opening up new spaces for employment, and a number of innovative service policies have also been launched one after another, helping new employment forms to thrive.
The latest data from the National Bureau of Statistics shows that the national urban survey unemployment rate was 5.7% in June, a decrease of 0.2 percentage points from May.
This is also the two consecutive declines in the national urban survey unemployment rate since April, and behind the monthly decline in unemployment rate data is the continuous emergence of new employment opportunities in new formats.
Now the monthly salary of more than 5000, coupled with the freshness of embracing information technology, has made Guo Mei more and more motivated.
At the innovation incubation base of the Shanxi Transformation and Comprehensive Reform Demonstration Zone, there are more than 2,300 data annotators.
Not only data annotators, since this year, the state has also defined 25 occupations such as nucleic acid testers and online learning service technicians as new occupations, developed vocational skills standards, and launched skills training programs to support the development of practitioners.
In response to new employment methods and new entrepreneurial paths, the state is also innovating employment services.
Recently, 13 departments including the National Development and Reform Commission jointly issued the Opinions on Supporting the Healthy Development of New Business Formats and New Models to Activate the Consumer Market to Drive the Expansion of Employment, providing diverse employment opportunities for laborers.
Multi-departments will jointly cultivate new individuals to further reduce the cost of online entrepreneurship employment for self-employed; to make new format practitioners more secure, and flexible employment rights and interests protection, social security and other policies will be launched one after another.
Tunisian President Nominates New Prime Minister-Xinhua.
Xinhua News Agency, Tunisia, July 25 (Reporter Huang Ling) The Tunisian presidential palace issued an announcement on the 25th that President Saeed nominated the caretaker government Interior Minister Hisham Maishhi as the new prime minister on the same day.
The announcement said that according to the constitution, Maishishi should complete the formation of a cabinet within one month and submit the list of the new government composition to the parliament for approval.
The formation of the new government is subject to the support of more than half of the 217 members of parliament.
Born in 1974, Maishihi has a master's degree in law and management, and was appointed as the interior minister in February this year.
On July 15, the then Tunisian Prime Minister Fah Fahh submitted his resignation, which was approved by the president.
Earlier, the Baath Party, the largest party in the Tunisian parliament, announced that it withdrew its support for the Fah Fah government, resulting in the lack of sufficient support for the government in parliament.
The overall stability of employment and prices shows that the economy has "temperature" - Chinanews.com.
2020-07-26 07:01:37 Source: Economic Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Responsible Editor: Wang Sishuo.
The overall stability of employment and prices highlights the "temperature" of the economy.
Economic Daily · China Economic Net Reporter Lin Huocan.
In the first half of this year, in the face of the impact of the new crown pneumonia epidemic, China coordinated and promoted various work for epidemic prevention and control and economic and social development. The epidemic prevention and control situation continued to improve, the steady recovery of the economy was obvious, and the performance of employment and prices, which are closely related to people's livelihood, was generally stable, and the Chinese economy handed over a transcript of economic operation with a temperature.
In the first two months of this year, the surveyed unemployment rate increased.
Especially in February, many enterprises' production and operation activities were basically in a state of shutdown and production, enterprise labor demand decreased, recruitment was delayed or canceled, and the urban survey unemployment rate increased.
As the epidemic prevention and control situation gradually improved, the order of production and life in the whole society continued to recover.
The Party Central Committee adhered to the general tone of seeking progress while stabilizing work, further strengthened macro-policy hedging, comprehensively strengthened the employment priority policy, and actively promoted the work of assisting enterprises to stabilize posts and expand employment.
China increased policy hedging to stabilize jobs, played a combination of policies of "reduction, exemption, remission and subsidy", phased reduction and exemption of 3 social insurance unit contributions, allowing deferred payment of social insurance premiums, expanding the return of unemployment insurance for small and medium-sized enterprises, benefiting from employment-based training policies, and granting employment absorption subsidies and trainee subsidies to key groups for enterprises to absorb employment.
With the implementation of various employment stabilization policies, the demand for employment of enterprises has steadily rebounded, the employment situation has gradually improved, and the urban survey unemployment rate has gradually declined. In June, the survey unemployment rate was 5.7%.
Zhang Yi, director of the Department of Employment and Population Statistics of the National Bureau of Statistics, said that in the second quarter, various employment policies continued to bear fruit, and the labor force who had withdrawn due to the impact of the epidemic in the early period returned one after another, and the urban labor participation rate increased by about 10 percentage points in June compared with February, which was close to the level of the same period last year.
The data showed that the total urban employment in June increased by more than 19% compared with February, and most industries reached the pre-epidemic level; the average weekly working time of employees in enterprises reached 46.8 hours, an increase of 6.6 hours over February, and slightly higher than January by 0.1 hours.
Prices are also related to thousands of households.
In January of this year, the CPI increased by 5.4% year-on-year, setting a new high for many years.
Entering February, although the year-on-year increase in the CPI fell slightly, it was still in the “5 range”.
The year-on-year increase in the CPI was at a high level, both driven by consumer demand before the Spring Festival, as well as by the wrong month of the Spring Festival and a low year-on-year base.
However, the impact of the new crown pneumonia epidemic on prices was particularly obvious.
Affected by the epidemic prevention and control, in January and February, logistics delays, untimely supply of materials, and increased material transportation costs occurred across the country. In addition, some citizens hoarded and snapped up purchases, and the prices of some daily necessities increased significantly.
In order to cope with the disturbance brought by the epidemic prevention and control to the price situation, relevant departments have included important daily necessities in the scope of emergency transportation security to ensure smooth transportation of materials.
Under the influence of a series of policy initiatives, the supply of vegetables, fruits and vegetables has been strongly guaranteed.
In response to the rapid rise in pork prices at the beginning of this year, after the central government introduced the policy of ensuring supply and stable prices, various regions and departments quickly implemented them, and the pork reserves and supply were significantly improved, the production capacity of live pigs was restored in an orderly manner, and the production and marketing order gradually became normal.
Since March, pork prices have continued to decline, driving the year-on-year increase in food prices to 10.6% in May. In June, affected by factors such as the slowing of hog shelters, the decrease in imports, and the recovery of group consumption demand, pork prices rose slightly month-on-month.
The seasonal changes in the price of fresh vegetables were obvious, with an average increase of 3.4% in the first half of the year.
Affected by the high contrast base in the same period last year, the price of fresh fruits continued to decline year-on-year, with an average decrease of 13.3% in the first half of the year.
The people’s lives were basically effectively guaranteed, and the overall economic and social situation remained stable and orderly.
With the gradual recovery of transportation and logistics, various localities increased their efforts to ensure supply and demand, and the market supply and demand situation improved.
Beginning in March, the CPI declined for four consecutive months, and the year-on-year increase also fell from 4.3% in March to 2.5% in June, and the price level returned to overall stability.
In the second half of the year, China’s prices will continue to remain at a moderate level, and the overall inflationary pressure is not great, but on the premise of normalization of epidemic prevention and control, the restoration of production and living order should be promoted.
Effectively respond to natural disasters such as floods and droughts in major agricultural production areas such as grain, fruits and vegetables, strengthen market supervision, and resolutely crack down on behaviors that disturb market order such as hoarding and price gouging.
Jack Ma was subpoenaed by an Indian court?
Ali: The official response from the Internet is issued by non-Ali - Chinanews.com.
Ali: The "official response" issued by the Internet is not issued by Ali.
Zhongxin Jingwei client, July 26th On the afternoon of the 26th, foreign media reported that a court in New Delhi, the capital of India, had subpoenaed UC India, Alibaba founder Jack Ma, and a dozen other company executives, among others, over a former employee lawsuit.
In response, Wang Shuai, chairman of the Alibaba Market Public Relations Committee, left a humorous message in the circle of friends, saying that UC India was handling the process according to the process, but as for whether Ma himself knew, Wang Shuai said, “I don’t know either.
It’s really getting harder and harder to find after he retires... I’ve been looking for a day... I’ll go to the HHB bar to look for it tonight.”
In addition, Ali confirmed to the Sino-Singapore Jingwei client that the so-called official Ali response from the network was “UC has always been firmly committed to serving the Indian market and protecting the welfare of local employees, and the policy is in line with local laws.
Because this matter is still in trial, it is impossible to comment further on this issue.”
It was not issued by Ali.
McDonald's: Customers will be required to wear masks at more than 14,000 stores across the United States.
In response to the new crown pneumonia epidemic, McDonald's in the United States issued a statement on the 24th, saying that since August 1st, McDonald's stores in the United States have required customers to wear masks when entering, and will provide masks at the entrance to guests who do not carry them.
According to the National Public Radio (NPR) 24 report, McDonald's has more than 14,000 stores across the United States.
McDonald's revealed to the media that customers who are unwilling to wear masks will be directed to take-out pick-up points that maintain a safe distance from other customers.
In addition, protective panels will be added in the dining area of McDonald's restaurants to maintain social distancing.
Therefore, McDonald's introduced new mask-wearing regulations to deal with customers who are unwilling to cooperate.
More than 50 repertoires will debut one after another Beijing Opera Group prepares for theatre resumption - Xinhuanet.com.
With the adjustment of the emergency response level for public health emergencies in Beijing from level two to level three, business cultural venues in Beijing ushered in the reopening of current restrictions.
Beijing Performing Arts Group revealed that it has made full preparations for the opening of the theatre, and more than 50 repertoires will be ready to debut one after another.
Today, Beijing Opera Group’s online performance brand – Beijing Opera Theatre will also be launched.
During the epidemic, the troupes under Peking Opera Group “stop performing ‘art’ without stopping work, and ‘gong’ will not stop at work” to reserve masterpieces.
The Chinese Acrobatic Troupe will launch three brand-new repertoires of “Phantom of Acrobatics”, “Treasures of Heaven and Earth” and “Dream of Future Stars”, incorporating wonderful tricks and acrobatics performances such as ball skills, ballet opponent top, umbrella pedaling, single pole, burlesque, diabolo, and geosphere.
The performance season of China Ping Theatre’s “Sixty-five Years of Brilliant History, Qinglian Elegant Rhythm Creates Brilliance Again” will also kick off, when the old, middle and young actors will perform on the same stage to jointly witness and celebrate the glorious moment of the 65th anniversary of the founding of the academy.
It is reported that China Ping Theatre has a reserve of 30 plays and 14 fold plays, including Flower Matchmaker, Mother, Good Night, Tibet Rainbow, Wushuang Biography and Xinting Tears, among others.
The Beijing Children’s Art Theatre and Chinese Puppet Theatre, which are loved by small audiences, have also come up with their “watching” skills and are waiting to meet again with their children.
China Puppet Theatre is closely preparing the large-scale original puppet play “The Great Wall” and the large-scale cartoon stage play “Panda and Mole’s Little Guardian of the Environment for Sorting Trash”.
Beijing Children’s Art Theatre’s long-simmering small theatre drama “Fourteen Days” has completed the script writing and has begun to enter the rehearsal stage and is scheduled to premiere at the end of August; the classic play “You Look Like It’s Delicious” will be on tour in 12 cities from October to December.
Beijing Opera and Dance Theatre is also methodically carrying out the rehearsal work of 10 small boutique dances such as “Chasing Dream” and “Wan Horse Galloping” and classic songs such as “Song of the New Era” and “Beijing Love” and “Bridge of Love”.
It is worth mentioning that the annual masterpiece of Beijing Performing Group - the musical "In the Distance", which will be staged at the end of the year, is also carrying out rehearsal work in an orderly manner.
The Beijing National Orchestra, Beijing Hebei Bangzi Opera Troupe, Beijing Opera Troupe and Beijing Opera Troupe also have many good opera masterpieces waiting to be staged on "the day the theatre opens".
Following the launch of the first online performance season in May, the online performance brand "Beijing Performing Theatre", created by Beijing Opera Group integrating the high-quality performing arts resources of its nine academies, was officially launched today.
Beijing Opera Theatre aims to create the most complete all-weather web theatre with the most complete categories of art, including "Online Huimin Performance Season" featuring excellent and classic programs of the academy troupes, as well as different sections such as "Famous Talk Play·Classic Playback" "Cloud Micro Classroom" and "Beijing Performances Have Plays, Companion Friday".
Today, the Beijing National Orchestra will debut at the Beijing Opera Theatre as the first "guest" to bring the audience a barrage concert of "National Chaos" that is full of creativity and no lack of feelings.
All departments actively implement flood control measures to ensure transportation safety - China News Service.
Xinhua News Agency, Beijing, July 26 (Reporter Fan Xi) Since summer, China has been hit by heavy rainfall in many places.
In order to do a good job in summer flood control and transportation safety, all departments stick to their posts, strengthen the investigation and rectification of hidden dangers, strengthen emergency handling, and comprehensively implement various flood control measures.
The latest statistics from China National Railway Group Co., Ltd. show that the railway department has dispatched a total of more than 280,000 inspectors, and investigated more than 90,000 bridges, 17,000 tunnels, and more than 240,000 culverts.
Since July 1, the main railway trunk lines and freight passages across the country have maintained safe and smooth flow, and the overall transportation order is in good order, and the departure, operation, and arrival punctuality rates of passenger trains across railway bureaus have reached 97.7%, 87.1%, and 86.8%, respectively.
The dispatching office of China Railway Nanchang Bureau Group Co., Ltd. strengthened emergency handling, and designated a special person to be responsible for dynamically tracking and mastering flood control equipment, road material reserve and storage, and promptly notifying information and starting emergency response in case of sudden disaster failures.
Recently, in the face of the safety threat to the Qingjiang Bridge of Yiwan Railway caused by the formation of a barrier lake in the upstream caused by heavy rainfall, China Railway Wuhan Bureau Group Co., Ltd. Yichang Comprehensive Maintenance Section organized professional technicians to monitor the Qingjiang Bridge 24 hours a day, and established an all-weather communication mechanism with local emergency departments to grasp and handle hidden dangers in a timely manner.
In order to ensure the safety of summer transportation electricity, State Grid Qingdao Jimo District Power Supply Company combined with the climate characteristics of the flood season, worked closely with local meteorological and railway departments, strengthened inspections and hidden dangers of railway power supply line facilities and equipment within its jurisdiction, and strengthened emergency response to related accidents such as landslides, collapses, and mudslides in line corridors.
In order to further do a good job of flood control stations, Eastern Airlines Technology Co., Ltd. established an emergency rescue team to carry out flood prevention and disaster prevention knowledge training, and according to the daily weather and typhoon early warning conditions, formulate flight plans, and make preparations and related emergency plans for aircraft parked in coastal areas before the restoration of operations.
New book broke: Prince Harry feels brother is ‘snobbish and arrogant’.
The British “Times” and “Sunday Times” have serialized a new book titled “Finding Freedom” that depicts Prince Harry’s journey of royal life with his wife Meghan Markle.
But Reuters reported that Harry and Meghan have brushed off their relationship with the book, saying that they have not interviewed the author and have not provided any content.
The Sunday Times reported that the new book quoted a source as saying that when Harry and Meghan were dating before marriage, Prince William wanted to confirm whether Meghan, who was originally a Hollywood actress, had ulterior motives for Harry.
According to the source, William had said to Harry at the time: “You don’t feel the need to rush (to marry Meghan).
You can try to take your time to get to know the girl.”
The report said that when Harry heard William describe Meghan with “this girl”, he felt the arrogance and snobbery from his brother’s tone, and he also felt that he no longer needed reminders to take care of others.
Harry and Meghan announced in January this year that they plan to live a more independent life and will support themselves.
After officially unloading their high-ranking members of the royal family in March, the two are currently living in Los Angeles, the United States, with their son Archie to pursue a new career.
Harry and Meghan got married in May 2018 .
At the time, the marriage was seen as injecting the glitz and new age of Hollywood into the British royal family, and the two also became one of the most high-profile celebrity couples in the contemporary world.
Bring an umbrella!
Rain in Beijing today to "reducing fever" and the highest temperature drops to 29 °C - Xinhuanet.com.
Today (July 26), rain will come to Beijing again, and the highest temperature will also drop to 29 °C, reminding the public to pay attention to carry rain gear and pay attention to traffic safety when going out.
Yesterday, there were more clouds in the sky in Beijing, and the highest temperature in most areas of the city in the afternoon exceeded 33 °C, and the humidity increased compared with the previous days, and the feeling of sultry heat increased.
With the arrival of cold air, rain will come to Beijing again.
It is expected that during the day today, Beijing will be cloudy with scattered showers (accompanied by weak thunder and lightning), with a south wind of two, three and four, with a maximum temperature of 29 °C; at night, there will be light to moderate rain (accompanied by weak thunder and lightning), with a south-to-north wind of the first and second levels, and the minimum temperature of 23 °C.
Tomorrow, there will still be thundershowers in Beijing, with a maximum temperature of 30 °C.
Experts remind that there will be more cloudy and rainy weather today and tomorrow, and you need to bring rain gear when you go out, pay attention to lightning protection and traffic safety, try to avoid mountain activities, and guard against geological disasters.
Heilongjiang launches special campaign for cleaning up and rectifying the names of well-known hospitals by fraudulent use-Chinanews.com.cn.
In recent years, some medical institution names have appeared irregular and inappropriate problems, and they have used the names of well-known medical institutions without authorization without authorization, causing misleading to the people for medical treatment.
After inquiring into the national enterprise credit information publicity system, some of the names of well-known medical institutions such as “Xiehe” appeared in the names of registered medical institutions in Heilongjiang Province, and used the names of well-known hospitals such as “Xiehe” to conduct business outside, disrupting the normal medical order and causing bad social impact.
At the same time, it will take this as an opportunity to carry out various forms of law-popularity publicity activities to improve the awareness of market subjects’ responsibility, the awareness of protecting rights according to the law, and the awareness of law-abiding operations.
By unblocking the complaint and reporting channels, a batch of typical cases with bad impacts will be publicly exposed to the society, forming a deterrent effect.
30 e-sports projects settled in Pudong, Shanghai expands online new economy "new track" - Xinhuanet.
Xinhua News Agency, Shanghai, July 25 (Reporter Teng Jianni) On the 24th, 30 key e-sports projects landed in Shanghai's Pudong New Area, covering the whole category of e-sports industry development from venues, events to enterprises, and is expected to drive the regional e-sports game industry to add ten billion yuan in revenue.
The digital cultural industry represented by e-sports games will become a new growth point for Pudong's online new economy, helping Shanghai to build a global e-sports capital.
In terms of e-sports venues, on the basis of the existing top event venues such as Meiben Cultural Center and Oriental Sports Center, a new batch of venues including the Pudong Football Stadium, a cultural and sports integration venue, Senlan Esports Pavilion, a professional e-sports space, and Dongchang Yi Space, are confirmed to land in Pudong.
Wang Haisong, general manager of Senlan Land of Shanghai Waigaoqiao Group, told reporters that the approximately 1,500-square-meter indoor venue of Senlan Esports Pavilion can accommodate 1,000 people and is currently under construction. It is expected to introduce events in March next year. A 120,000-square-meter green park will be built next to the e-sports pavilion, which combines the pan-entertainment format of e-sports and introduces entertainment elements such as animation two-dimensional elements.
In terms of e-sports supporting industries, Pudong is focusing on improving the layout of the industrial chain.
World champion teams such as NetEase Dragon Team settled down at the signing event, and the country's only digital gaming e-sports TV channel — Game Wind Shifts the development of Pudong.
In terms of events, Pudong is actively striving for the landing of top international and domestic events to create an e-sports season that does not end.
A batch of e-sports events such as the 2020 Peace Elite International Championship Cup and La Liga e-sports were announced to be held in Pudong.
On the enterprise side, Pudong focuses on promoting the landing of head enterprises.
Runa Information originally planned to launch dozens of game products in Pudong, and NetEase Blizzard, Perfect World, Shengqu Games, etc. will also actively launch new projects to strive to form tens of billions of revenue.
Statistics show that the current e-sports game industry in Pudong accounts for one-third of Shanghai's.
A batch of e-sports game head enterprises such as Tencent and NetEase have settled in Pudong, and a batch of top events such as TI9 and King of Glory Winter Games have been held in Pudong, becoming the "strong" heart of Shanghai's e-sports industry development.
The agglomeration of high-quality e-sports industry in Pudong is also inseparable from the support of relevant policies.
Recently, the China Game Industry Research Institute settled in Pudong to set high standards and norms for the industry.
The Qunxing Vocational School in Pudong was awarded the "Shanghai Vocational Education E-sports Professional Pilot School" to lay the foundation for the training of e-sports industry talents.
The e-sports athlete registration system took the lead in landing in Pudong, further improving the professionalization level of e-sports players.
Huang Wei, director of the Pudong New Area Culture, Sports and Tourism Bureau, said that around the goal of creating a "global e-sports capital" in Shanghai, Pudong proposed to build a "Shanghai e-sports industry development core functional area".
In the next step, Pudong will continue to focus on key events and key enterprises, accelerate development and form an industrial chain.
Using the policies of the Shanghai Pilot Free Trade Zone, pilot, explore and innovate to promote the overall development of the e-sports industry, and form replicable and promoteable experiences.
The Capital Theater will welcome the first audience after the epidemic tomorrow - Xinhuanet.com.
Beijing Renyi will launch a script reading of the classic work "Death of a Salesman" at 2 pm tomorrow, welcoming long-lost audiences at the Capital Theater.
Under the premise of "adhering to normal prevention and control, orderly opening, and flow restriction by appointment", Beijing Renyi will strictly implement the staff reservation and flow restriction measures, ensure that the total number of audiences does not exceed 30% of the theater's seats, and ensure that audiences are seated at intervals and maintain a distance of more than 1 meter.
At the same time, the theater has also made adequate preparations in terms of daily duty, cleaning and disinfection, testing and registration, garbage cleaning, venue inspection, and safety management.
This event is only open to audiences who hold the physical membership card of the Friends of Yiyi Fellowship Association for telephone booking. Due to the flow restriction requirements, each person is limited to one, and the reservation is full.
The event adopts real-name ticketing and admission. On the day of the performance, ticket holders must hold their original ID cards and performance tickets, wear masks, and maintain an orderly check-in ticket at a distance of more than 1 meter.
Masks must be worn throughout the performance period, and direct conversations are avoided as much as possible.
"Death of a Salesman" is a representative work of the famous screenwriter Arthur Miller, and since its creation in 1949, it has gained widespread popularity around the world.
In the 1980s, under the mediation of Ying Ruocheng and others, Arthur Miller came to China to perform his own work for Beijing entertainers.
This script reading was entirely composed of the young team of Beijing entertainers and actors, and under the leadership of director Tang Ye, there was a two-week rehearsal, and everyone created a small biography in order to analyze the characters in depth, in order to be able to re-examine the charm of this masterpiece of realism after nearly 40 years.
Today, the opening ceremony of the 2020 Hunan Red Tourism Culture Festival and Xiangtan’s First Red Cultural Industry Expo was held in Shaoshan.
Zhang Hongsen, member of the Standing Committee of the Provincial Party Committee and Minister of the Provincial Party Committee’s Publicity Department, announced the opening of the Red Tourism Culture Festival, and Vice Governor Wu Guiying made a speech.
The Hunan Red Tourism Culture Festival has been successfully held for 16 sessions and is a well-known brand of red tourism in the country.
This festival is co-hosted by the Provincial Party Committee Propaganda Department, the Provincial Department of Culture and Tourism, and the Xiangtan Municipal Party Committee and Municipal Government.
Wu Guiying said that the holding of this festival is of great significance for implementing the important instructions of General Secretary Xi Jinping “to make good use of red resources, carry forward the red tradition, and inherit the red genes”, further grasp the development of red tourism in our province, promote the recovery of the cultural tourism market, and allow the “red power” to condense into a wide-ranging joint force for building a rich, beautiful and happy new Hunan.
It is bound to play a more active role in promoting red culture, inheriting the red spirit, stimulating cultural tourism consumption, and promoting the high-quality development of Hunan’s cultural tourism.
At the opening ceremony, two activities of the “Red Dancing Xianggan • Praise China” Red Dance Invitational Competition and “Re-walking the Long March Road and Crossing the Hunan-Jiangxi Border” were launched simultaneously.
During the festival, activities such as the Xiangtan Industry Project Investment Promotion and Contract Signing Ceremony, the Red Tourism Five Good Interpreters Forum and the Red Education Training Seminar, the Red Wisdom Cultural Tourism Experience Exhibition and the Sharing of New Technology, and the “Hunan Water Same Culture, the Same Root” Hunan Folk Song Invitational Tournament will also be held during the festival.
During the opening ceremony, Zhang Hongsen, Wu Guiying and other leaders and guests visited the site of the first Xiangtan Red Culture Industry Expo and watched the live performance of “China’s Mao Zedong”.
Qinghai Lakeside "Huahai Live Studio": "Sweet Honey" brings goods to help farmers increase income - Chinanews.com.
2020-07-26 19:43:50 Source: China News Network Author: Su Yiyu Responsible Editor: Su Yiyu.
The picture shows Wu Na (left), president of Beijing Houdeli Bee Industry Co., Ltd., promotes Qinghai bee products.
Photo by Ma Mingyan.
Chinanews.com Qinghai Hainan, July 26 Title: "Huahai Live Studio" by Qinghai Lake: "Sweet Honey" brings goods to help farmers increase income - China News Service.
2020-07-26 19:43:50 Source: China News Network Author: Su Yiyu Responsible Editor: Su Yiyu.
The picture shows Wu Na (left), president of Beijing Houdeli Bee Industry Co., Ltd., promotes Qinghai bee products.
Photo by Ma Mingyan.
Chinanews.com Qinghai Hainan, July 26 Title: "Flower Sea Live Studio" by Qinghai Lake: "Sweet Honey" brings goods to help farmers increase income.
Author Hu Guilong Pan Yujie.
"In midsummer Qinghai Lake, full of golden flowers and thousands of bees fly, where the altitude is high, the temperature difference between day and night is large, the air pollution is low, and the strong light breeds the most tenacious and generous bee colonies, creating the characteristics of Qinghai royal jelly with high activity, high protein, rich nutritional value, low sugar and low fat."
On the 26th, Zhang Jianxun, deputy director of the Industry and Information Administration of Hainan Tibetan Autonomous Prefecture in Qinghai Province, said.
On the same day, the "Concentric Fighting Epidemic Spring Jelly Helps Farmers" bee product live delivery event was held at the lakeside of Qinghai. The China Bee Products Association and representatives of entrepreneurs, beekeepers and other parties gathered to promote Qinghai's characteristic bee products, selling nearly 10,000 bottles of Qinghai Plateau Royal Jelly online and offline, with a total of nearly 3.8 million yuan.
The picture shows bee farmers on-site display of bee products.
This spring, due to the need to set up road access checkpoints for epidemic prevention and control, beekeepers’ road to “chasing nectar” was blocked, many bees died due to missed flowering period and lack of food, and the income of beekeepers was seriously affected.
“At the end of the year, beekeepers travel long distances following the flowering period, moving north from Yunnan and Sichuan all the way to the northwestern region, where they sleep on the streets and live without a place to live, and they work very hard.
As a business, we have the responsibility to help them.”
said Wu Na.
“Little bees are ‘environmental scouts’, and bees in areas with severe pollution cannot survive,” said Zhao Xiaochuan, executive vice president of the China Bee Products Association. Bee pollination is an important link in the ecological chain and plays an irreplaceable role in protecting plant diversity and improving the ecological environment.
At the same time, bee pollination can increase crop yield and improve quality, especially in areas with widespread planting and poor management conditions, pollination is of greater significance.
Research data show that pollination can increase the production of rapeseed by about 15% - 30%.
The picture shows Zhao Xiaochuan (right), executive vice president of the China Bee Products Association, promoting Qinghai bee products.
“The economic, ecological and social benefits created by bee pollination are far greater than the value of bee products themselves, and the bee industry has great potential in human health, crop production, vegetation reproduction, and ecological protection, and people have always known little about it.”
Zhao Xiaochuan said.
But nowadays, the number of beekeepers is getting smaller and smaller, and in addition to the beekeepers who are running around all year round, there are still many poor households with limited mobility who choose to invest in beehives in cooperatives.
“The state has funds to support us, we contact technical personnel to help guide beekeepers, and beekeepers lack understanding and judgment of the market environment, and opening sales also requires the help and coordination of the government, enterprises, and industrial associations.”
Zhao Xiaochuan said.
“I hope that everyone will pay more attention to and help beekeeping groups in the future,” said Wu Na. “Our bee products are also strictly screened and controlled in accordance with national standards to ensure quality and protect consumers’ rights and interests while helping beekeepers.”
Affected by the continuous rainfall, since July 22, the soil mass at the trailing edge of the landslide in Zhongtai Formation, Liujing Village, Wulong District, Chongqing has cracked, and a large area of slip deformation has occurred, completely blocking the river along the Cang River, forming a dam body with a water level of 13 meters in front of the dam and an estimated storage capacity of about 550,000 cubic meters.
In order to ensure the safety of navigation, the Chongqing Maritime Affairs Department decided to implement temporary traffic control on the waters of the Yangtze River Boundary Shipan to Guanyintan.
According to the monitoring of the Chongqing Meteorological and Hydrological Department, since the 25th, moderate to heavy rain has been common in the central and western and northeastern parts of Chongqing, with heavy rainfall in some areas and local heavy rainstorms.
The highest water level will appear at the Xiaoheba Station in Fujiang on the evening of the 26th, and the highest water level is close to the warning water level.
In order to ensure the safety of navigation, the Chongqing Maritime Affairs Department decided to implement temporary traffic control in the waters of the Yangtze River Boundary Shipan to Guanyintan.
After consultation and judgment by the Chongqing Municipal Defense Office and the meteorological, water conservancy, hydrology and other departments and units in an emergency, the Chongqing Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters decided to release the river flood level III early warning information and initiate a flood control level IV emergency response.
The Chongqing Flood Control and Drought Relief Headquarters requested that members of Chongqing North Jiangbei, Shapingba, Tongnan, Wulong and other districts and counties of Chongqing Municipality and relevant departments of Chongqing Municipal Prevention and Control Unit should pay close attention to the rainwater conditions, especially the changes in the water swelling of the Yangtze River, Jialing River and Wujiang River, analyze and judge in advance, release early warnings, strengthen patrol duty, resolutely and decisively evacuate the people in the threatened areas, mobilize emergency rescue teams and materials in a timely manner, quickly and efficiently dispose of the disaster (dangerous) situation, and avoid mass deaths and injuries.
Minister Counsellor of the Vietnamese Embassy in Laos, Mrs. Tseng Thi Sin, along with representatives from the Vietnam Buddhist Association in Laos, the Lao Vietnamese Federation, the Vientiane Provincial Government, the Lao Veterans Association and other representatives attended the memorial ceremony.
The memorial ceremony for the heroes was held in a solemn atmosphere, and the representatives successively offered incense to the martyrs to commemorate the heroes’ great achievements and the special solidarity between Vietnam and Laos.
In his speech, Minister Counsellor Tseng Thi Sin said that this is an opportunity for the Lao Vietnamese and the Lao people to jointly remember the revolutionary martyrs of the two countries and together to express their gratitude to the martyrs who sacrificed for the independence and freedom of the two countries, as well as a good opportunity for the two peoples to recall that the two countries worked side by side to fight the common enemy, strive for national independence, national reunification, jointly build national development, and consolidate the relations between the two countries.
74 years ago on January 23, 1946, 28 soldiers of the Lao-Vietnamese Fighting Union died heroically while attacking the Phonehe stronghold.
The victory in this offensive became a historic victory for the two countries in the initial stage of the struggle for national liberation revolution.
Ms. Zheng Thi Sin emphasized that the two peoples will always remember the heroes and martyrs who sacrificed for the cause of the national liberation struggle of the two countries, while stressing that the younger areas of the two countries will continue to carry forward the heroic and strong traditions of the elders, and make due contributions to the continued blossoming of the Vietnam-Laos relations and the prosperity and development of the two countries.
Milestone leap!
Inter Milan unlocks the 3000th Serie A match - Chinanews.com |
Chinanews.com Client, July 26th, Beijing time on the early morning of the 26th, Inter Milan, the traditional giant of Serie A, ushered in a milestone battle.
According to Italian media statistics, the away game against Genoa was the 3000th Serie A match in the history of Inter Milan, and the Nerazzurri was also the first team to unlock this milestone.
Since the league reorganization in 1929, Inter Milan is the only team that has never been absent from Serie A, and the only team that has never been relegated.
According to Italian media reports, the match between Inter Milan and Genoa was the 3000th match in the history of the Nerazzurri team.
In this milestone battle, Inter Milan won three goals away from Genoa.
Lukaku scored twice in this campaign, and Sanchez, who came off the bench, also contributed a goal.
The game entered the rhythm of Inter from the beginning, and the storm was finally converted into a goal in the 34th minute.
Biraghi crossed from the left, and Lukaku outflanked a header to break the goal.
In the 82nd minute, Inter Milan concocted as per the law, and Moses broke through from the right, and Sanchez copied the shooter in the middle; before the end, Lukaku completed the second goal, and Brozovic sent a long-distance straight in the counterattack, and Lukaku burst into the penalty area to sway past Romero and pushed an empty goal, setting the score at 3:0.
Inter won 3:0 away from Genoa, and the points surpassed Atalanta to rise to No. 2, 4 points behind the leader Juventus in the case of multiple games, and still retains the hope of competing for the title.
So far, in the 3000 Serie A games spanning nearly 90 years, Inter Milan has won 1,489 of them, tied 834, lost 677, and the winning rate is 49.6%.
In the meantime, the team scored a total of 5038 goals, lost 3,102 goals, and scored 1.68 goals per game.
The Nerazzurri won the league championship 18 times and never relegated.
The statement said that the drone crashed in Lebanon while the Israeli army was on a mission near the "Blue Line" along the Israeli-Lebanese border.
The statement did not mention the reason for the drone's fall.
There are Israeli media reports that the drone may have gone down due to a malfunction.
According to reports, Israeli Deputy Prime Minister and Defense Minister Gantz said during an inspection of the northern region of Israel that afternoon that Israel will continue to take action against Syria and Lebanon in order to ensure its security interests.
Israel has long regarded Lebanese Hezbollah as a major security threat and accused the Iranian side of delivering weapons to Lebanon's Hezbollah via the Syrian land corridor, causing tensions when the situation near the Lebanon border.
Israel has repeatedly carried out air strikes on targets in Syria on the grounds of combating the group.
The old face of spy war drama Liu Yunlong plays a stammering male protagonist - Xinhuanet.com.
The large-scale spy war drama "Winning", supervised by Liu Yunlong and directed by Yin Fei, starring Liu Yunlong, Su Qing, Liang Guanhua, Li Liqun, etc., landed on Guangdong Satellite TV's "Vitality Theater" at 7:30 pm on July 16th.
The play tells about Tang Fei (played by Liu Yunlong), an underground party member of the Chinese Communist Party lurking in the Japanese puppet police station, teaming up with Soviet agents to assassinate the Japanese spy chief and crush the shocking conspiracy of the Japanese army.
"Winning" is adapted according to historical facts, and the material is taken from the Soviet military archives that have been dusty for many years.
During the Moscow Defense War, the Soviet Red Army's Far East elites advanced westward to help, at this time the Japanese Kwantung Army "Northern Advancing Faction" thought it was an opportunity and intended to send troops.
To relieve the enemy's backsliding, the CCP teamed up with the Soviet Communist Party intelligence personnel to implement the "Mudan Ula" plan.
According to this historical background, the well-known screenwriter Deng Yuan has been tortured several times, making the plot twists and turns brain-burning.
Liu Yunlong plays the role of both the producer and the leading actor in "Winning" this time.
In the play, Tang Fei, who he plays, is the chief of the criminal section of Linhe Police Department, a rather hilarious and even a little sulky stammer, and his real identity is a CCP underground member.
The heroine Cai Meng, who plays his opponent in the play, is the head of the Linhe Security Bureau, and is highly appreciated by his Japanese boss, Fukuhara, and there is a delicate relationship with Tang Fei who is also friend or foe, and ambiguous.
Su Qing has tried many different types of roles in recent years, from Lu Ruowen in "Those Were Young" to Erqing in "The Raiders of Yanxi Palace", all impressing the audience and being recognized for her acting skills.
This time, Su Qing and Liu Yunlong are partnering for the first time, and the setting of a stammer with a charming policewoman is quite interesting and novel.
In addition to the two protagonists, "Winning" also features Liang Guanhua, Li Liqun, Qian Bo, Lei Han, Junyi and many other powerful actors to join forces, and the old bone-biao drama is also one of the highlights of the play.
It is understood that "Odds of Victory" is also very good in production, with the crew spanning nearly 2,000 kilometers in Jiangsu, Zhejiang, and Liaoning provinces for filming and framing.
In order to restore the bizarre urban landscape of the Northeast Japanese occupation period, the crew's art and props team rushed to work day and night, carefully polishing every detail of the scene construction and props, making the scenes in the play exquisite and rich in historical texture.
Floods in two western provinces of Yemen lead to 16 deaths - China News Service.
Xinhua News Agency, Kuwait City, July 26 (Reporter Nie Yunpeng Wang Wei) SANA: According to local media reports on the 26th, Yemen's western Hodeidah and Hajj provinces have suffered heavy rainfall, and floods have killed at least 16 people in the past 48 hours.
The report said that the floods triggered by the rains in Hodeidah province killed 13 people, and three people were killed in the floods in the neighboring Hajj province.
In addition, dozens of houses were destroyed by floods in northern Hodeidah and southern Hajj provinces, and some roads and farmland were also damaged to varying degrees.
The military conflict that has lasted for several years has caused Yemen's health system to almost collapse.
According to statistics from the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs, since 2017, the number of people infected with cholera in Yemen has exceeded 1 million, and the death toll has exceeded 2,000.
Yemeni medical institutions are worried that the continued flooding will lead to the cholera epidemic spreading again.
"The Jedi Strikes" Released The Fighting Fighting Stage Chasing Dreams - Xinhuanet.com.
Directed by youth director Gao Zhuangzhuang and starring Liao William, Dongyu, Yang Xinran, Wang Yibo, etc., the online film "The Jedi Strikes" was officially released on iQIYI.
The film tells the story of the down-and-out boxer Venus returning to the ring and fighting for his dignity, showing a blood-blooded journey of wanton chasing dreams.
The film "The Jedi Strikes" uses Thailand as the main plot to promote the "Muay Thai" as the starting point for the down-to-earth boxer Venus to pursue his dreams. The whole story is carried out under the adaptation of traditional Chinese cultural values. Whether it is Venus's determination to fight fake boxing for his master in the early stage, or his efforts to reinvigorate his fight as a dignity with the support of his friends and lover in the later period, it demonstrates the pursuit and great love of men in traditional Chinese culture for family and dreams.
Combining the classic Hollywood sports movie story mode and the strong alliance of professional teams from China and Thailand, "The Jedi Strikes" not only presents an international effect, but will also impress different types of audiences.
At the same time, "The Jedi Strikes" shows a large number of the plots, intense and bloody scenes of Muay Thai fighting and training.
In the film, the game designer Zhang Xiaoliang, played by Dongyu, helps Venus, played by William Liao, to return to the boxing ring and take off the laurels through a fighting game, which combines the novel and interesting high-tech hot-blooded competitive competition, and also shows the brotherhood that Zhang Xiaoliang and Venus seem to have "different Taos" and have the same goal in reality.
In addition, the long-flowing love between Venus and Jingjing is also very touching, Jingjing's silent support for Venus and Venus' firm commitment to Jingjing both allow the audience to see the "tenderness of iron han" in Venus, and also adds a lot of human touch to the fall-out boxer.
Four-department joint action!
Launch the App Illegal and Illegal Collection and Use of Personal Information Governance Work - Chinanews.com.
2020-07-26 15:18:27 Source: CCTV.com Author: Zhu Yanjing Responsible Editor: Zhu Yanjing.
Launch the App Illegal and Illegal Collection and Use of Personal Information Governance Work.
The National Information Security Standardization Technical Committee, China Consumers Association, China Internet Association, China Cyberspace Security Association, and relevant professional evaluation agencies participated in the meeting.
The App Illegal and Illegal Collection and Use of Personal Information Governance Working Group utilizes two special channels, WeChat public account ("App Personal Information Report") and website (pip.tc260.org.cn), to accept clue reports and problem reflections from the majority of netizens about illegal and illegal collection and use of personal information.
At the same time, the majority of netizens can also report and reflect wrongdoing to platforms such as the Illegal and Bad Information Reporting Center (www.12377.cn ), Bad Network and Spam Reporting Acceptance Center (www.12321.cn) and other platforms.
CCTV reporter Zhang Gang
Greenland Opens a New Round of Mixed Reform Shanghai State-owned Assets to Transfer 17.5% of Shares - Economic Observer Network - Professional Financial News Website |
Economic Observer Network reporter Rao Xianjun On July 26, Greenland Holdings (600606.SH) issued the "Indicative Announcement on State-owned Shareholders' Proposed Transfer of Part of the Company's Shares by Agreement and Resumption of Trading by Public Solicitation of Transferees".
The contents of the announcement show that in order to further deepen the reform of state-owned assets and state-owned enterprises, optimize the structural adjustment of state-owned assets, and improve the equity structure of Greenland, Shanghai Real Estate (Group) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Shanghai Property") and Shanghai Urban Investment (Group) Co., Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as "Shanghai Urban Investment") intend to transfer part of the company's shares held by agreement through public solicitation of transferees, and the total proportion of shares to be transferred shall not exceed 17.5% of the total share capital of Greenland.
The price of the shares to be transferred this time shall not be lower than the higher of the following two: the arithmetic average of the daily weighted average prices of the 30 trading days before the prompt announcement date (July 27, 2020); and the audited net asset value of each share of the company in the most recent fiscal year.
At present, there is still no conclusion on the new strategic investors of Greenland. According to the information published in the announcement, it is estimated that the new strategic investors will need to pay about 14 billion yuan in order to take the 17.5% equity transferred in the mixed reform of Greenland.
It is worth noting that after the completion of this share transfer, it is expected that Greenland will still have no controlling shareholder and actual controller, but the control structure may undergo major changes.
Greenland Holdings has carried out several institutional and mechanism reforms since its establishment: from 1992 to 1997, it operated in accordance with market-oriented rules under a purely state-owned system; from 1997 to 2013, it established and continuously improved the shareholding system with state-owned holdings and employee shares; from 2013-2015, it introduced strategic investors, forming a hybrid ownership system with cross-shareholding and mutual integration of state-owned and non-public capital; and since 2015, it has been listed as a whole and became a public company.
Greenland's current mixed-reform plan is similar to Gree. In December 2019, Hillhouse Capital led Zhuhai Mingjun to take over 15% of Gree Electric Appliances (000651.SZ) with 41.662 billion yuan, and Gree Group retreated to a minority shareholder. After the mixed reform was completed, Gree Electric implemented modern enterprise management methods such as executive incentive plans and no actual controller structure.
Both Shanghai Real Estate and Shanghai Urban Investment are state-owned enterprise groups wholly owned by Shanghai SASAC. Zhang Yuliang, chairman and president of Greenland Holdings, said that Greenland’s move is an important measure for Shanghai to promote the comprehensive reform of state-owned and state-owned enterprises and accelerate the reform of state-owned state-owned enterprises in a new stage in accordance with the requirements of the Party Central Committee. It fully demonstrates the new reform ideas of adapting measures to local conditions and tailoring to genre. By introducing new excellent strategic shareholders to listed companies, it supports enterprises to further improve the degree of marketization, enhance the freedom of operation and management, and accelerate the full release of reform vitality.
Cross-provincial tours resumed, the country's first cross-provincial high-speed train tourism train launched - Xinhuanet.
Xinhua News Agency, Hangzhou, July 25 (Reporter Li Ping) At 12:20 on July 25, more than 200 Shanghai tourists who took the D771 high-speed train successfully arrived in Lanxi City, Zhejiang Province, which is also the first cross-provincial high-speed train tourism special train to run nationwide since the Ministry of Culture and Tourism resumed cross-provincial (district, municipal) team tours on July 14. It is also the first cross-provincial high-speed train tourism special train to be launched nationwide since the Ministry of Culture and Tourism resumed cross-provincial (district, municipal) team tours on July 14. This is the first cross-provincial high-speed train tourism train in the country.
Lanxi City, located in the central and western part of Zhejiang Province, has beautiful scenery and has many scenic spots such as Zhuge Bagua Village, Underground Changhe, Zhiyan Ancient Village, etc. During the two-day and one-night itinerary, more than 200 Shanghai tourists will get a glimpse of these attractions one by one.
Li Li, deputy general manager of Shanghai Railway International Tourism (Group) Co., Ltd., said that according to the latest policy, the company keeps a close eye on the needs of inter-provincial tours, communicates with Lanxi City at the first time, and carefully launches the "Shanghai to Lanxi" and "Two-Day Tour of the Lotus in Summer" products, which were sold out in less than a week after the product was launched.
Aunt Sun from Shanghai said that because of the epidemic, she has not gone out this year.
"I have been bored at home for a long time, and as soon as I saw a team tour, I immediately shared the news to my friends to sign up together. I have never been to Lanxi before, and I am very much looking forward to this trip," said Auntie Sun.
It is understood that in September last year, Lanxi City and Shanghai Railway International Tourism (Group) Co., Ltd. signed a strategic cooperation agreement on the "Tourism to Lanxi by High-speed Railway" project, and plans to open 12 high-speed rail tourism trains from four places in Zhejiang, Shanghai and Anhui to Lanxi within one year.
I slap myself?
White House adviser "backbite" states to resume work prematurely - Chinanews.com.
White House adviser "backbite" states to resume work prematurely - Chinanews.com.
On July 23, local time, the number of confirmed cases of new coronary pneumonia in the United States exceeded 4 million, accounting for 30% of global cases.
For months, U.S. President Trump has repeatedly asked states across the country to return to work and school, and only recently did he change his attitude, taking the initiative to wear masks in public, and his adviser even more "backbite" that some state governments resumed work prematurely.
On the 22nd, White House presidential adviser Kellyanne Conway said at a press conference that some state governments did not comply with the standards for resumption of work and restarted places such as bars prematurely.
Conway also mentioned that the previous statement that the president has "absolute power" to decide the resumption of work in states was a misinformed rumor.
"The president is a federalist, and he believes that states have autonomy."
She defended Trump.
However, the "rumor" in Conway's mouth was personally said by Trump at the White House epidemic briefing on April 13th.
The self-defeating operation was ridiculed by netizens as "rewriting history."
Kellyanne Conway wants to rewrite history, and she is a liar.
Trump called Michigan Governor Gretchen Whitmer a dictator because she followed medical guidelines and insisted on the shutdown.
Trump wants to push for the resumption of work so he can hold a rally.
This is not the first time Kellyanne Conway has caused controversy.
On April 15, in an interview with Fox News, Conway blurted out: "It's COVID-19, and it's not COVID-1, friends!"
She seemed to understand "19" as a version number, which was wildly ridiculed by netizens: Look at the newspaper without common sense!
3-year-old child’s college playground was smashed while playing, is it reasonable to sue the school after receiving compensation?
2020-07-26 05:01:11 Source: Legal Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Responsible Editor: Wang Sishuo.
The playground was smashed, and the child sued the school after receiving compensation.
□ Correspondent of this newspaper, Zhao Yifan.
3-year-old Xiaowen was playing in a university playground when he was accidentally hit on the head by Chen of the softball team while pitching.
After Chen compensated, Xiaowen’s father, Mr. Wen, as Xiaowen’s legal agent, sued the school to the court, demanding that the school where the playground was located in the incident apologized and paid a total of 20,000 yuan in medical expenses, mental damage consolation, and so on.
Recently, after hearing the case, the Haidian District People’s Court of Beijing held that the school had set up a protective net in the playground at the time of the incident, had fulfilled its proper safety guarantee obligations, and Chen had made compensation, and accordingly dismissed the plaintiff’s claim.
Mr. Wen claimed that during the summer vacation of 2019, he took Xiaowen to play in the school playground, when the softball team was training in the playground.
In order to avoid the resulting risks, Xiaowen, Mr. Wen, and numerous other children and parents were active in the safe area designated by the softball team.
But then Chen, a member of the softball team, took off his hand while pitching, causing the softball to fly over the protective net to the above-mentioned safe area and hit the back of Xiaowen’s head.
Mr. Wen immediately took Xiaowen to the hospital for treatment, and was diagnosed with head trauma.
Mr. Wen believes that the facilities at the school’s pitch did not meet the relevant safety regulations, and the team and related facilities were not effectively managed.
The school’s negligence led to the above incident, which caused Xiaowen to suffer tremendous physical and mental pain, and also brought greater pain to his family, and the school should be held legally responsible for this.
In this regard, the school argued that the school had set up protective nets in the playground, and posted management regulations and training notices informing that entering the playground must maintain a safe distance from the training ground and remind itself of safety, and the plaintiff could not prove that the school “did not fulfill its safety guarantee obligations,” so it did not agree to compensate.
After hearing, the court held that the venue where the incident occurred was a venue freely open to the public by the university involved, and although the school had a safety guarantee obligation for the management of the playground, this safety guarantee obligation only needs to meet the general duty of care.
At the time of the incident, the school had set up a protective net in the playground, and had fulfilled its proper safety guarantee obligations, and Chen also compensated Xiaowen more than two thousand yuan for various losses such as medical expenses and transportation expenses in accordance with the compensation agreement reached earlier, and the two parties agreed that the dispute should be resolved in one go.
After the incident, Xiaowen’s parents again claimed compensation from the school, which was unfounded in the law, and the court judgment rejected all the plaintiff’s claims.
After the judgment was pronounced, neither party appealed, and the judgment has now taken effect.
According to Article 37 of the Tort Liability Law of our country, the school, as the administrator of a public place, has a safety guarantee obligation; in the case of a third person’s actions causing damage to others, the third party shall bear the tort liability, and the public place manager who has not fulfilled the safety guarantee obligation shall bear the corresponding supplementary liability.
The judge stated that since, as the public place manager, it is most likely to understand the actual situation of the entire place, foresee the possible dangers and damages, and thus to take necessary measures to prevent the occurrence of losses or to mitigate the extent of the damage, and the cost of avoiding and mitigating the occurrence of damage is the lowest, so the law stipulates that it should bear the corresponding guarantee obligations for engaging in social activities.
In this case, for the unspecified entrants in the playground that is open to the public for free, the safety guarantee obligation borne by the school should be compatible with the social activities it engages in, and specifically, it is mainly that basic safety measures should be taken and the obligation to inform about hidden dangers should be taken.
In judicial practice, it is also not appropriate to impose excessive safety guarantee obligations on public place managers.
If the school has already taken the setting up of protective nets and has fulfilled its duty of disclosure, it can be determined that the school is not at fault and should not be held legally liable.
In addition, for third-party infringement, even if the administrator of a public place such as the school has not fulfilled the safety guarantee obligation, the liability it bears is also a supplementary compensation for damages, and according to the newly promulgated civil code, the administrator can also recover from the third party after he has assumed the supplementary liability.
Therefore, in such an accident, the victim should not expand the scope of claim after he has already received the compensation from the infringer directly.
Under the normalization of epidemic prevention and control, people's enthusiasm for sports and fitness is high.
With the gradual opening of inter-provincial tourism business, the tourism market is also about to usher in a recovery.
Fujian Province resumed inter-provincial tourism business from July 21, and Xiamen, as a popular tourist destination, ushered in a peak in passenger flow on the first weekend after the opening.
As a popular tourist destination city, there are not many tourists arriving in Xiamen on weekends.
Xiamen Railway Station is expected to send 3.7 million passengers during the summer, and the passenger flow at the airport is dominated by students, tourism, and visiting relatives.
The tourism market is gradually picking up. In July, Xiamen Airport operated an average of 440 flights per day, and domestic flights have recovered to 80% of the pre-epidemic levels.
Airlines have encrypted the air express lines from Xiamen to Shanghai, Beijing, Kunming, Xi'an and other major cities to seize the recovered tourism market.
At present, many travel agencies in Xiamen have launched a batch of summer domestic cross-provincial travel products one after another, and the team trips are mainly based on outdoor attractions.
In response to the summer passenger traffic peaks at railway stations and airports, relevant units have sent additional personnel to guide the areas where people are likely to gather, such as check-in counters and security check passages. Fujian has also optimized and upgraded the "Bai-Min Health Code", realizing health data sharing and mutual recognition with 31 provinces, and promoting the orderly recovery of the tourism market.
Can Andy Lau Tsing-Yun "Dismant" New Sparks - Xinhuanet.com.
"The Bomb Disposal Expert 2" recently announced that it will be released on December 24, becoming the first film of the Chinese New Year to be fixed.
The second film is still directed by Qiu Litao, produced and starring Andy Lau, and unfolds with a brand-new story.
It is reported that the addition of the "nuclear bomb" element in the second film also makes the challenge faced by the Bomb Disposal Expert even more difficult. Several shocking glimpses in the preview have made the heart hang in the air, the mushroom cloud of the big explosion, the airport engulfed by fire, and the scene is quite shocking.
Three years ago, "The Bomb Disposal Expert", produced by the original team, won the fifth-tier box office champion of the year, and won 7 nominations at the Hong Kong Film Awards, and Qiu Litao × Andy Lau also became the gold medal partner in the audience's mind.
This time, "The Bomb Disposal Expert 2" also makes people look forward to whether this ace combination can wipe out new sparks.
"The Bomb Disposal Expert 2" tells a brand-new story: the former bomb disposal expert Pan Chengfeng (played by Andy Lau) fainted at the scene of the bombing case and was listed as a suspect by the police.
In order to find the truth, he had to ask his friend Dong Zhuowen (played by Liu Qingyun), who is also a bomb disposal expert, for help.
Pang Ling (played by Ni Ni), who is anxious to solve the case and who is also Pan Chengfeng's ex-girlfriend, was also involved.
Still a bomb disposal expert, but from the fixed-file trailer, one can feel the complexity of Andy Lau's new role: a leg was broken and a prosthetic limb was worn, while being chased by Liu Qingyun, who is also a bomb disposal expert, while being commanded by his ex-girlfriend Ni Ni to act.
What exactly is the relationship between the three, what exactly did Andy Lau do at the Xiangdao Hotel, what kind of case he was involved in, what twists and turns his career as a bomb disposal expert has gone through, and all kinds of mysteries make people curious.
It is understood that the highlights of the film are the world landmarks in Hong Kong, which are filmed on the spot, and the top special effects production team brings a shocking and realistic visual impact.
(Reporter Nie Qing)
China News Service, July 26 (Xinhua) -- Comprehensive Russian Satellite Network reported that July 26 is the Russian Navy Day, and the main military parade to celebrate the Navy Day was held in St. Petersburg and Kronstadt.
Russian President and Supreme Commander of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation, Putin, arrived in Kronstadt to participate in the celebration, where 15 ships and submarines were reviewed.
On July 28, 2019 local time, a grand military parade was held in St. Petersburg, Russia to celebrate the Navy Day.
According to reports, Putin congratulated the naval officers and soldiers on the Navy Day, and sailed by a small boat next to the ships that will participate in the maritime military parade on the Gulf of Finland, and then inspected the paraded troops at the subjective stand.
Putin said that the Russian Navy fleet was loaded with the latest ships and special equipment, and the level of equipment has been continuously improved.
"The Russian Navy fleet has warships equipped with high-precision weapons, strategic submersible cruisers and multi-purpose submarines, aircraft such as the latest aircraft, unique weapons and special equipment," Putin said at the military parade of the Russian Navy Day.
On June 24 local time, the Red Square military parade commemorating the 75th anniversary of the victory in the Great Patriotic War was held in Russia.
He also said that the Russian Navy fleet will rely on digitalization and effective defense methods to gain unique advantages.
Reports said that the main naval parade to celebrate the Russian Navy Day was held in St. Petersburg and Kronstadt, with a total of 46 ships participating, including the "Admiral Kasatonov" frigate, the "Veteran Admiral Kulakov" large anti-submarine ship, as well as large landing ships, small guided missile ships, frigates, submarines, and so on.
Among them, the series of ships were statically displayed beside the Hermitage Bridge in St. Petersburg, and the most notable of them was the copied Russian first battleship "Poltava" in the early 18th century.
In order to avoid the spread of the new crown virus, only local residents and specially invited guests were able to enter Kronstadt during this year's naval parade.
The last Sunday in July every year is Russian Navy Day.
Yang Hongnian, the founder of the Beijing Philharmonic Choir, died at the age of 86 - China News Service.
Beijing News (Reporter Liu Zhen) On July 26, the Beijing Philharmonic Chorus issued an obituary, the founder of the Beijing Philharmonic Choir, a famous Chinese conductor, music educator, a lifelong academic member of the Central Conservatory of Music, and a professor of the Conducting Department, Yang Hongnian, died in Beijing at 13:55 on July 26, 2020, at the age of 86, due to ineffective medical treatment.
The picture is from the official website of the Beijing Philharmonic Choir.
Yang Hongnian was born in 1934, a native of Nanjing, Jiangsu, and loved music since childhood.
In 1951, he was the conductor of the chorus of Nanjing People's Radio Station, and was admitted to the Music Department of Shanghai East China Normal University in the autumn of 1951. He studied conducting under Professor Yang Jiaren and German conductor Hizmann, and studied melody and polyphony in the former Soviet Union expert Alzamanov.
In 1958, he taught at the Music Department of Beijing Normal University of the Arts, and in 1973, he was transferred to the Composition Department and Conducting Department of the Central Conservatory of Music to teach.
In 1983, Yang Hongnian founded the Beijing Philharmonic Choir.
For more than 30 years, he has led this choir to sing all over the world, and won dozens of awards in important competitions at home and abroad, adhering to the tenet of "love and devotion".
He has successively conducted the performances of more than 30 groups including the Central Orchestra Chorus, the Central National Song and Dance Ensemble, the Oriental Song and Dance Ensemble, and the Shanghai Chorus, and has held several symphonic concerts and choral concerts.
His books include "Orchestra Training", "Choral Training", "Second Song Writing", "Children's Song Collection" (up and down volumes) and the essays "On Chorus Pitch Problems", "On the Hierarchical Layout of Orchestral Music", as well as translations "Choral Orchestration" and "Debussy's Harmony Language".
China News Service, Chongqing, July 26 (Reporter Liu Xian) The Chongqing Municipal Development and Reform Commission released a news on the 26th that the city has so far returned 4,404 fishermen, accounting for 42.54% of all fishermen involved.
Li Daiguo, 53, said in an interview with a reporter from China News Network that his grandfather was fishing in the Longxi River, and since he was 11 years old, he followed his father to catch fish, shaking the boat, and walking along the Longxi River, up to Liangping, Chongqing, and down to Changshou, every time he left home for ten days and a half months, relying on fishing to support his family’s livelihood.
But since 1997, as the rural population gradually rushed to Changzhen, there were more and more residents in Gao’anchang Town, causing more and more serious environmental pollution.
Paper mills, chemical factories, and breeding farms were built along the Longxi River, which also polluted the river.
By 2007 and 2008, the Longxi River turned into a stinking ditch.
“The scales of the fish caught are all black, and the inside is also black after being cut open.”
Li Daiguo said that fishing after the pollution of the river became more and more difficult.
The local area began to make great efforts to control the pollution of the Longxi River, including Qingping, patrolling the river, and protecting aquatic resources.
Li Daiguo also changed from fishermen to returning to production, becoming a member of the river patrol team, and protecting aquatic resources.
From January 1, 2020, a comprehensive fishing ban has been implemented in Chongqing’s aquatic biological protection zone and related waters in the main urban area.
According to the data of the Chongqing Municipal Development and Reform Committee, as of now, Chongqing has accumulated 3 340 return fishing vessels and 4,643 have signed back fishing agreements, accounting for 63.3% and 86.3% of the total three-year task.
There have been 4,404 return fishermen, accounting for 42.54% of all fishermen involved.
Of the 4,404 returned fishermen, 4,267 have achieved employment, accounting for 96.89% of the total returning fishermen.
Endowment insurance coverage covers 1,269 people, accounting for 61.10% of the returning fishermen.
In the next step, Chongqing will carry out in-depth special rectification actions, accelerate the clean-up and rectification of the use of the coastline of the main stream of the Yangtze River, complete a new round of surveys of the discharge outlets of the Yangtze River and carry out corresponding rectification actions, basically complete the rectification tasks of “three phosphorus” (referring to phosphate rock, phosphate chemical industry and phosphogypsum storage), clean up and rectify small hydropower, promote the special actions of afforestation and greening on both sides of the Yangtze River, strengthen the construction of green mines, consolidate the special rectification results of illegal docks and illegal sand mining in the main stream of the Yangtze River, and further promote the ban on capture and withdrawal in the Yangtze River Basin.
Israel strengthens repeated prevention and control of outbreaks - China News Service |
2020-07-26 04:56:44 Source: Guangming Daily Author: Wang Sishuo Responsible Editor: Wang Sishuo.
Israel strengthens repeated prevention and control of outbreaks.
In the early stage of the outbreak of the new crown pneumonia, Israel’s prevention and control measures have had obvious results.
However, with the gradual lifting of the prevention and control measures, the number of confirmed cases of new crown pneumonia in Israel has recently increased significantly, and the Israeli government has repeatedly taken emergency measures to strengthen the prevention and control of the epidemic.
On February 28, the first case of new crown pneumonia was confirmed in Israel, to quickly take measures to close all entry and exit ports, suspend non-essential industries, switch schools to online teaching, restrict public transportation and non-essential social activities, block cities with severe epidemics, and jointly maintain prevention and control measures by the military and police.
This series of measures quickly achieved positive results, and by mid-May, the number of new confirmed cases of new crown pneumonia in Israel once fell back to single digits.
As the epidemic was brought under control, Israel’s various prevention and control measures were fully lifted, and since June, the number of new confirmed cases of new crown pneumonia has gradually rebounded.
Especially after entering July, the spread of the epidemic has been accelerating.
In recent days, the number of daily new cases in Israel has exceeded 1,500 for eight days, and as of press time on July 25, the number of new cases on that day reached 916.
As of July 25, there have been 45,597 confirmed cases in Israel, and 448 deaths.
In the face of the rapid rebound of the epidemic, the Israeli government has repeatedly taken emergency measures to strengthen the prevention and control of the epidemic.
On July 6, after the number of confirmed cases exceeded 30,000, the Israeli government closed public entertainment venues such as gyms, swimming pools, bars, nightclubs, and at the same time introduced restrictions on public transportation, stipulating that each bus has a maximum of 20 passengers.
On the 17th, the government announced a series of new restrictions including the implementation of “city closures” on weekends, stipulating that “city closures” will be implemented from 17:00 every Friday to 5:00 every week.
During this period, the public can go out, but places such as shops, shopping malls, barber shops, beauty salons, libraries, zoos, museums, exhibition halls, swimming pools, and tourist attractions will be closed, while essential service places such as supermarkets and pharmacies will remain open.
At the same time, on all dates and time periods, gatherings of more than 10 people are prohibited, gyms, studios and other places will be closed, restaurants and cafes are prohibited for dine-in, and only take-out services are allowed.
At the same time, the Israeli people have not paid enough attention to the seriousness of the epidemic and have failed to form synergy with the government in fighting the epidemic.
After the recurrence of the epidemic in Israel, many people took to the streets to protest and march because the government’s prevention and control measures affected their own economic interests.
On July 11, tens of thousands of people held a demonstration in Tel Aviv, believing that the anti-epidemic policy affects the economy.
On the evening of the 21st, thousands of protesters gathered in front of Prime Minister Netanyahu’s official residence in Jerusalem to protest against Prime Minister Netanyahu’s promulgation of prevention and control measures such as banning restaurants and cafes for dine-in and not giving corresponding compensation.
In addition, many people did not comply with regulations such as wearing masks and maintaining a two-meter safe social distance when they were outdoors. To avoid being fined by the police for not wearing masks, many people only wore masks on their chins or hung them on their wrists.
During the recurrence of the epidemic, schools were the hardest-hit areas for the spread of the new coronavirus, and according to a recent visit by a reporter to this kindergarten, it was found that neither the teachers nor the students of the kindergarten wear masks as required by the government, nor did they maintain a safe social distance of two meters from each other, laying hidden dangers for a large number of teachers and students to get infected with the virus.
Professor Eli Waxman, a member of the expert advisory group of the Israel National Security Council on the fight against the epidemic, believes that Israel is heading toward a “dangerous situation,” pointing out that the current epidemic prevention and control measures taken by Israel are not enough, and all leisure and entertainment venues and summer schools should be closed to control the further spread of the epidemic.
Waxman said that Israel lacks a general plan to fight the epidemic, and the parliament and government departments should abandon their respective interests as soon as possible and consider reaching a consensus on the issue of fighting the epidemic, including formulating clear steps for different departments’ relevant restrictions.
This newspaper Tel Aviv July 25 Telegram Tel Aviv-based reporter Wang Jiong
Ningxia Guyuan farmer Wu Fengfang couldn’t beat his old companion Dai Tianfu, two people sat in a car and rushed from their home 20 miles away to the Liangyun Cultural Compound.
Despite the inconvenience of his legs and feet in the past two years, 77-year-old Dai Tianfu was counting on “come here every three times and become addicted to tricks”.
This is an inconspicuous courtyard in Yuanzhou District of Guyuan City, and unlike the general farmhouse, there are often melodious Qin Operas in the courtyard, as well as wonderful shadow puppet plays, embroidery works, traditional Qin Opera, Meihu Opera, and so on.
The owner of the compound is called Liang Yun, and he used to be a carpenter.
More than 10 years ago, he who loved shadow puppetry and singing operas began planning to build a cultural compound.
With the Liangyun Cultural Compound, the cultural life of the villagers has become rich and colorful.
The reporter hasn’t walked into the Liangyun Cultural Compound, and the tunes of Qin Opera have been spread out.
It is Bo Lixiang, a villager from the neighboring village, who is singing Qin Opera selections for the villagers.
She has loved Qin Opera since she was a child, and now she is a little famous in the local area, and as long as she has free time, she will come to the Cultural Compound to perform programs for the villagers.
Recently, Bai Lixiang also played live webcasts.
Bai Lixiang said, “It is a very happy thing to have a stage where more people can see themselves performing.”
On the stage, the singer glanced at each other, and the player played one tune, although she was an amateur, her enthusiasm was unabated.
Just like the rustic style of the farmhouse, outside of Qin Opera, the “grass-roots” art and non-cultural relics in Liangyun Cultural Compound came to the fore.
The compound also collected more than 300 physical objects such as farming utensils, traditional and hand-made tiles, paper-cuts, embroidery, shadow puppets from different ages.
Liang Yun led the reporter into the exhibition hall in the courtyard, which displayed his collection of old objects, old wine jugs, three strings, spinning wheels, and so on.
Why did an ordinary farmer build a cultural compound?
“Shadow puppetry is my family handicraft, and I have been learning this craft since I was 15.”
Founded in 2012, Liangyun Cultural Compound became the first rural “intangible cultural heritage exhibition hall” in Ningxia, and it is also a demonstration compound for the protection of intangible cultural heritage in Guyuan City.
In addition to Liangyun Cultural Compound, more than 120 cultural compound and 79 folk performance groups have emerged in Yuanzhou District of Guyuan City, among which, there are more than 50 cultural compound of a certain scale, such as Shenjiahe Cultural Compound, Wang Yonghong Cultural Compound, Yanglang Cultural Compound, etc., covering all towns and streets in Yuanzhou District, with more than 5000 participants.
These grassroots artists are active in the fields, enriching the cultural life of the masses and satisfying their spiritual needs.
“As life gets better and better, traditional culture cannot just be left behind.”
"Liu's spy war drama" returns again "Winning" to see Liu Yunlong Li Liqun's opponent "Shocking Drama" - Xinhuanet.com.
The 40-episode spy war drama "Winning" will land on Beijing Satellite TV on July 16th.
"Winning" is based on real historical facts and is based on the Soviet military archives that have been dusty for many years and first appeared.
Liu Yunlong, an actor who is well known to the audience as "spy war drama", has broken through the image in the play and challenged a rather hilarious "stuttering agent".
In recent years, the popularity of dramas such as "The Pretender", "Mask" and "Kite" have proved that the spy war genre dramas have exuberant vitality.
Different from previous spy warfare works, "Winning" looks at the world and extends the story background to the Soviet Far East battlefield.
Set in the final stage of the Anti-Japanese War in 1944, it tells the story of Tang Fei (played by Liu Yunlong), a secret intelligence officer of the CCP, who, under the leadership of the Secretary of the Linhe Provincial Party Committee of the Chinese Underground Party and the director of the Soviet Far East Intelligence Bureau, executed the "Mudan Ula" strategic operation of the Soviet Far East Intelligence Bureau.
In many spy war dramas, the male protagonist, as a high-level spy, is the perfect image of handsome, high IQ and mature when he appears in one appearance.
But in Liu Yunlong's opinion, such a person is not suitable for being a spy, "A spy should be the kind of person who is simply not found in a pile of people. If one appearance is the kind of image that is very pretending and handsome, can't wait for everyone to pay attention to you, can you still lurk? There is a line in "The Kite", ‘You don't catch me, I have forgotten that I am a Kuomintang', and the spy wants to be elitist."
So in "Winning", Liu Yunlong ingeniously designed the protagonist Tang Fei he plays as a "stuttering agent" with a sense of hilarity.
The other camp in "Winning" is supported by the Japanese Fukuhara played by Liang Guanhua and the police department chief Fang Shibao played by Li Liqun.
One South and one North and two powerful actors add to the whole drama the highlights of many masters.
Director Yin Fei used the word "Biaoxi" to describe the rival plays of Li Liqun and Liu Yunlong in the play, "It is definitely a blitzing play, the two of them are particularly tacit, and this tacit understanding in them is very impactful for me. Many times their plays are 'on the fly', for example, we only write half a page in length, and when shooting, I don't shout to stop, and they can keep playing."
The masters don't grab each other's play, and the director doesn't go to stir the play. When the actors are all in the role and guarantee the status of their characters, they can not only shape the characters from the perspective of the characters, but also bring more viewing possibilities to the audience, Yin Fei said that such plays are good enough.
In the play, you can also see many familiar faces in "Liu's spy war drama", the famous "Mountain City F4" in "Kite" and the majestic "Mountain City F4", and three are also gathered in "Winning".
Hou Yu and Liu Mingyang, who once played Song Xiaoan and Zhao Jianzhi, play Tang Fei's right-hand man again this time.
Director Yin Fei introduced, "There is no inferiority in these two people, they just follow the flow in that era and in that environment."
Liu Yunlong also took the initiative, "We need to have a human touch. This human touch means that there must be good and bad people around me, and bad people are enemies, but we must also develop them, and our team must also grow stronger."
The direction of the two people's ending in the play was also carefully designed by Liu Yunlong, and he believes that he will hand over the audience a satisfactory answer sheet.
(Reporter Qiu Wei)
4 students drowning in Arong Banner, Inner Mongolia Official: The incident sounded the alarm - Chinanews.com.cn Hulunbuir, July 26 (Reporter Li Aiping) On the evening of the 25th, the reporter learned from the Arong Banner government in Hulunbuir City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, that 4 local students died unfortunately due to drowning.
At 15:50 on July 24, Arong Banner Public Security Bureau 110 received an alarm that 6 junior high school students in the local area had drowned.
After receiving the police, the local police rushed to the scene at the first time and rescued 2 students on the spot, and then the local emergency bureau, water conservancy bureau and other units rushed to the scene one after another to participate in the whole rescue.
According to reports, a total of more than 80 people including public security police, Sen police, fire protection, and medical care were dispatched at the rescue site, and 3 rubber boats were dispatched to continuously salvage the surrounding waters, and professional rescue teams were hired to arrive at the scene to conduct underwater searches through sonar detection.
The reporter learned that the local rescue workers found the first student in distress at 6:40 on July 25, the second student at 11:30 on the 25th, and the third student at 12:40 on the 25th, and the last student at 13:34 on the 25th. After more than 4 people were salvaged ashore, all of them showed no vital signs after being identified by the local 120 emergency centers.
The official said that the drowning incident has sounded a wake-up call to the whole society.
At present, the relevant local government departments are sorting out some knowledge on drowning prevention, hoping that the tragedy will not happen again.[0005] The local government said that the drowning incident has caused the drowning of four students in Arong Banner, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, and the drowning of four students has been reported to the local government, and it is reported that the local emergency department and other departments of the local government are currently working on the drowning of four students.
China News Service Hulunbuir, July 26 (Reporter Li Aiping) On the evening of the 25th, the reporter learned from the Arong Banner government of Hulunbuir City, Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, that 4 local students died of drowning.
HONG KONG, July 25 (Xinhua) -- Hong Kong's financial market remains active and operating in an orderly manner, according to the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government's Secretary for Financial Affairs and the Treasury, Mr Hui Zhengyu.
He expressed optimism about Hong Kong's financial stability and economy.
At a webinar co-organised by the Hong Kong Economic and Trade Office in Toronto and the Hong Kong Canadian Chamber of Commerce (Canadian Federation) on the 24th (Toronto time), Mr Hui said that Hong Kong is experiencing difficult conditions because of the "revision storm" and the new crown pneumonia epidemic.
The exchange rate of the Hong Kong dollar is stable and skews to the strong side's exchange guarantee level.
The banking system has no obvious signs of outflow of funds, on the contrary, more than $11 billion in capital has flowed in since June.
Total bank deposits have also continued to increase in the past few months, the stock market has had a series of public offerings to raise funds, and market transactions have repeatedly risen.
Xu Zhengyu said that the new crown pneumonia epidemic has brought pressure to the global economy and financial markets, but Hong Kong's basic advantages remain unchanged.
Hong Kong has several advantages, including geography, rule of law, high-speed communications, free flow of information and capital, and a simple and low tax system, making Hong Kong a leading international financial centre consistently.
Hui Zhengyu pointed out that the SAR government has set aside 6 billion Hong Kong dollars in the "Anti-epidemic Fund" to create about 30,000 time-bound positions in the public and private sectors in the next two years, covering people with different skills and educational backgrounds.
To support the development of fintech, the SAR government has also launched the "Thousand Talents Plan" to fund local fintech companies, start-ups and other enterprises with fintech-related businesses to create 1,000 new jobs, employ local talents and enrich Hong Kong's fintech talent pool.
Looking forward to the future, Xu Zhengyu expressed optimism about Hong Kong's financial stability and economy.
He encouraged Canadian businesses to make good use of Hong Kong's advantages and its status as an international financial center, an international asset and wealth management center, and a global offshore RMB business hub to develop and invest in the Guangdong-Hong Kong-Macao Greater Bay Area and nearby areas.
The Lancet article commends China's anti-epidemic efforts and encourages countries to learn from their experiences - Chinanews.com.
The Lancet magazine published an article on the 25th that as a country with a population of 1.4 billion and a size similar to that of Europe or the United States, China has effectively controlled the new crown epidemic at this stage without recurring widespread transmission, largely controlling the domestic outbreak.
The article said that in the past more than a decade, China has invested heavily in domestic research and public health construction, which has made China's preparation for the new crown much better than that of severe acute respiratory syndrome (SARS) that year.
The authors said that when the SARS outbreak occurred in 2002, China was initially underprepared, especially the pathogen could not be identified.
When the new coronavirus was discovered in December 2019, Chinese scientists were soon able to identify the virus species, and on January 11, 2020, they shared genome sequencing data with the world.
By the end of January, doctors from mainland China and Hong Kong had clarified the clinical characteristics of the virus, and warned the world of the threat of the new coronavirus through research papers published in The Lancet.
China has also been at the forefront of vaccine research, and such research was carried out very quickly and rigorously through close domestic cooperation when the state declared a state of emergency, and in May and July, the results of the early trials of the new crown vaccine developed by China were announced in The Lancet, respectively.
China's experience shows that it is very important to effectively invest in the national health and research system and improve laboratory capacity.
This is the basis for a rapid and effective response to national health emergencies and global health security.
It is very worthwhile for other countries, especially low- and middle-income countries, to learn from and learn from.
In addition, China's experience proves that on the basis of strong research, a strong high-level executive must decisively make correct decisions with scientific evidence, which makes the new crown epidemic under effective control.
The article emphasizes that the government and its leaders must respect science, understand the value of science, and act on it in the most beneficial way to society.
In the early stages of the outbreak, China's National Health Commission sent three groups of infectious disease experts to Wuhan to investigate the risk and spread of the new coronavirus, and their recommendations provided the basis for the decision to "close the city" on January 23. When experts raised the necessity and urgency of building a Fangcang shelter hospital, the government quickly made a decision and implemented it quickly; at the same time, the extensive participation of the community and the masses also enabled the epidemic to be controlled quickly and effectively.
At the end of the article, it is emphasized that countries need to strengthen global cooperation and joint response in response to global health emergencies.
Yang Hong, reporter of the main station
Bai Jinhai, the former inspector of Wuhai Municipal Committee of Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region, was expelled from the party - China News Service.
Chinanews.com, July 26th According to the news of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Commission for Discipline Inspection and Supervision: A few days ago, with the approval of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Party Committee, the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Discipline Inspection Commission conducted a case for review and investigation on the serious violation of discipline and law by the former inspector of Wuhai Municipal Committee, Bai Jinhai.
After investigation, Bai Jinhai, as a leading cadre of party members, lost his ideals and beliefs, blatantly violated the principles of party spirit for his own selfish interests, confronted the inspection and rectification; indifferent in organizational concepts, illegally arranged transfer work for others and accepted other people’s property in the selection and appointment of cadres; economically greedy, illegally engaged in business-run enterprises to obtain huge profits, engaged in power and money transactions, and corrupted his life, causing adverse effects.
Bai Jinhai seriously violated political discipline, organizational discipline, integrity discipline, and life discipline, constituted job violations and was suspected of accepting bribes and embezzlement crimes, and did not converge after the 18th National Congress of the Communist Party of China, did not close his hands, and the nature was bad and the circumstances were serious, and he should be dealt with seriously.
In accordance with the “Regulations on Disciplinary Actions of the Communist Party of China” and “The Supervision Law of the People’s Republic of China” and other relevant regulations, after the meeting of the Standing Committee of the Disciplinary Committee of the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region and reported to the Inner Mongolia Autonomous Region Party Committee for approval, it was decided to give Bai Jinhai expulsion from the party, adjust the treatment he enjoys according to regulations; collect his illegal income from discipline; transfer his suspected crime issues to the procuratorial organ for review and prosecution in accordance with the law, and transfer the property involved with the case.
On the afternoon of the 25th local time, a small plane crashed into the top floor of a multi-story residential building in Wessel County, North Rhine-Westphalia, Germany, and the accident resulted in a total of three deaths.
The Duisburg Prosecutor, Wessel County Police Department and Wessel City Fire Department jointly issued a statement that evening that at around 14:40 that day, a two-seat small plane crashed into a residence on the top floor of a multi-storey residential building on Faberskamp Street in Wessel County, killing three people.
It took off from the city of Mar in the Ruhr District of NRW on the same day, took off again after a midway stop at the airport in Wessel County, and then crashed into the residential building.
The identity of the deceased may be a female resident in the impacted residence and two passengers on the small plane.
A two-year-old child in the house suffered only minor injuries and was rescued safely.
The rest of the occupants in the house were not injured in the accident, but their emotions have not yet calmed down.
The scene footage reported by the German Press Agency showed that the residence that encountered the accident was billowing smoke at one point, and firefighters could see that the house was seriously damaged after extinguishing the fire.
At present, the cause of the plane crash is not clear.
The Rhein Post reported, citing police accounts, that there were clues that the plane had disintegrated or disintegrated before it hit the residential building.
The police said that multiple parts of the crashed plane were found in the vicinity of the accident site.
The German Interpol is working with the Duisburg Prosecutor’s Office and the German Federal Aviation Accident Investigation Agency to jointly investigate the cause of the accident.
The reporter learned from the Chinese Consulate General in Dusseldorf that day that the embassy got in touch with the local police station and the fire department, and it was judged at the scene that there were no Chinese nationals among the casualties.
Singapore's Ministry of Health announced on the 26th that as of 12 o'clock on the same day, there were 481 new confirmed cases of new crown infection in Singapore, bringing the total number of confirmed cases to 50,369; and 27 deaths in total.
The data shows that of the newly confirmed cases, 5 are local community cases, 4 are imported cases, and the rest are foreign workers living in dedicated dormitories.
Singapore's Ministry of Health said that 98% of the new confirmed cases are related to known infection cases.
There are still 173 new crown patients receiving treatment in hospitals, most of whom are in stable or improving condition, and no one is in the intensive care unit.
In addition, 4,648 people are quarantined in community facilities.
Foreign workers account for the vast majority of Singapore's new crown-infected population.
According to statistics, there are 200,000 foreign workers living in 43 special dormitories for foreign workers in Singapore, and about 100,000 foreign workers living in other types of dormitories.
The Singapore Anti-epidemic Inter-departmental Working Group said a few days ago that the Singapore government is stepping up testing for the last few dedicated dormitories for foreign workers with high rates of new crown infection.
After completing the testing of all dedicated dormitories, the vast majority of foreign workers will be able to return to work, but they still have to undergo regular new crown testing.
Dapeng's director "Auspicious Ruyi" was shortlisted for the Golden Jubilee Award-Xinhuanet.
On July 18, the 23rd Shanghai International Film Festival announced the official list of films selected for the Golden Jubilee Award.
Director Dapeng's first reality-themed film, "Auspicious Ruyi", was successfully shortlisted for the Golden Jubilee Award at this year's Shanghai Film Festival, and the film officially released its first poster.
Poster courtesy of the film.
The film "Auspicious Ruyi" is Dapeng's first realistic-themed work, and it is also his second bond with the Golden Jubilee Award.
The film tells a story: a comedy director had a whim and returned to his hometown in rural northeast China, hoping to make how a family spends the New Year into a literary film, but encountered a series of accidents as a result.
The family members, who gathered because of the filming, completed the final reunion.
In the film poster released today, one member of this family — "Three Uncle" Wang Jixiang, sits in the center of the picture smoking a cigarette. The background is the black land of Northeast China draped in silver clothes, and in the foreground is the red lantern that Chinese people must hang during the New Year festival.
The red lantern, which symbolizes the joy and reunion, forms a huge contrast with the lonely figure Wang Jixiang, and also seems to reveal the complexity and entanglements in the relationship of this extended family.
It is reported that in the film, except for the daughter of the "three uncle" Wang Jixiang, played by actor Liu Lu, the rest of the scenes are completed by real family directors. The film's experimental audio-visual style breaks the boundary between drama and reality and brings the audience a brand new immersive viewing experience.
According to director Dapeng, the creation of "Auspicious Ruyi" originated from "a heavenly will", a series of sudden family changes during filming, so that the original shooting plan had to be changed along with it, and the life without a script was eventually recorded into a film, but released the tension beyond the design.
How exactly does director Dapeng face this "heaven's will", and how can he continue to meet the various changes brought about by this heavenly will?
There is no doubt that "Auspicious Ruyi" is full of experiments, with an almost all-amateur lineup and innovative audio-visual style turning life in front of the camera into a film, and wrapped in real images, the audience will also find the shadow of themselves and their family members from the family presented in the film, and as this family gathering falls in the film, a series of thoughts are evoked.
NEWS.GOV.MO: Statistics of the Enquiry Hotline of the Novel Coronavirus Infection Response Coordination Center (July 25 08H00 - July 26 08H00) .
From July 25, 2020 08H00 to July 26, 08H00, the Enquiry Hotline of the Novel Coronavirus Infection Response Coordination Center received a total of 292 telephone enquiries.
The 291 enquiries about the epidemic situation have been immediately transferred to the representatives of relevant departments for follow-up, and the situation is as follows;
271 cases from the Health Bureau (Involving: enquiring about quarantine; enquiring about nucleic acid testing; enquiring about the license plate of the two places; health code; others.);
17 cases of the Public Security Police Bureau (involving: enquiring about immigration measures; enquiring about the immigration measures for vehicles with license plates in Guangdong and Macao; enquiring about the Zhuhai Government Affairs Hotline; enquiring about the stay of documents.) ii.
Tourism Bureau 1 case (involving: enquiring about the issue of quarantine hotels.).
Education and Youth Bureau 1 case (involving: enquiring about the method of Macao students returning to study in the UK.)
1 case of the Maritime and Water Affairs Bureau (involving: enquiring about whether Hong Kong fishing vessels entering the port need to declare and nucleic acid testing related matters to the Maritime and Water Authority.)
At Balong Zhuokang outpost, platoon leader Yu Wang and a warrior stand guard on duty.
In this place where the annual average temperature is more than a dozen degrees below zero, a row of simple barracks stands at the mountain pass, and a national flag flutters in the wind not far from the barracks. The warriors stand guard in the wind every day, while regularly going to patrol at higher altitudes.
The warriors climb up the steep slope of the pile of rocks and need to use their hands and feet together.
It was late July, when flowers and plants were flourishing in the low-altitude areas, and in Balong Zhuokang, only the ravine behind the barracks had relatively dense green.
Gao Peng, a warrior who has been stationed at the outpost for 6 years, pointed to the ravine and said that this is their back garden, and only in July and August every year can see the grass grow slowly, and after a while, it all turned yellow and covered with snow.
It may take about 9 hours to patrol on foot.
Under the harsh plateau environment, the warriors stationed here are accompanied by snow-capped mountains and glaciers all year round, and they also regularly go to patrol the mountain pass at higher altitudes.
A few days ago, a patrol team composed of 8 warriors, led by instructor Liang Yixin, went on the patrol road again.
Each warrior carried a weight of about 30 kilograms and marched toward the target early in the morning.
A warrior Gao on the way, and his anti-comrades in emergency rescue.
In addition to patrol missions, the warriors at Balong Zhuokang sentinel had to conduct tactical and physical training every day.
Time passed by one minute and a second, the altitude kept rising, the oxygen content was getting lower and lower, and the physical strength was constantly overdrafted, these factors test the will of the patrol members.
They insisted on gritting their teeth, successively crossing several collapse points and crossing several dangerous beaches.
At 16 o’clock, it was lunch time for the patrolmen, they took out their own dry food, sat on the spot at an altitude of more than 5,700 meters, accompanied by sleet, and supplemented their physical strength with food.
The warriors at Balong Zhuokang sentry carried out tactical and physical training.
During the break, they would play cards together, and the loser would do push-ups, both for recreation and physical exercise.
After a short break in the wind and cold, they climbed up to the target position of this patrol, took out the national flag on the mountain pass, and took a solemn oath.
Behind them are snow-capped mountains, and in front of them is an uninhabited area of tens of kilometers. They are the safest guardians of the country.
Beijing Consumption Season Restarts - Xinhuanet.com.
Beijing restarts various activities of the Beijing consumption season in accordance with the principles of "full restart, focused planning, orderly advancement, and rigorous organization".
1.5 million government and enterprise consumption coupons were issued on July 26, including 1 million offline catering and shopping coupons and 500,000 smart product coupons, which consumers can collect on the JD.com APP.
Liu Meiying, deputy director of the Beijing Municipal Bureau of Commerce, introduced at a media briefing held on the 25th that the restarted consumption season will further reduce the enterprise allocation on the basis of maintaining the preferential subsidies for existing consumer vouchers and card packages.
From early August, the current 1:1 allocation of government and enterprise contributions will be adjusted to 2:1. For example, the original consumer can enjoy a discount of 120 yuan after receiving a card package to shop for consumption, including 60 yuan for government subsidies and 60 yuan for enterprise concessions; after the adjustment, 80 yuan for government subsidies and 40 yuan for enterprise concessions.
During the consumption season, the three major operators will subsidize traffic and terminals around 5G consumption, further promoting Beijing's new 5G infrastructure and 5G new consumption.
Chen Maobo pointed out that Hong Kong's economy has been hit by the renewed outbreak of the epidemic, calling on all walks of life to tide over the difficult times - China News Service.
China News Service, Hong Kong, July 26 (Xinhua) -- Hong Kong is facing a new wave of the impact of the new crown pneumonia epidemic, and commercial exchanges and economic activities that were originally seeing signs of recovery have also been hit, said Chen Maobo, Financial Secretary of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government, on the 26th.
The SAR government once again called on all landlords of all sizes to reduce rents and cope with the difficult times with retailers, restaurants and small and medium-sized enterprises.
Chen Maobo published an article titled "Rough Road to Recovery" on the Internet on the same day.
He said that the recent high number of confirmed cases of new crown pneumonia in Hong Kong, and the situation is grim, affecting the social and people's livelihood, and also plaguing the economy.
When the epidemic is recurring, the first priority is to strictly prevent imported cases, and deal with and interrupt the chain of virus transmission with the fastest speed; when the epidemic is under control, economic activities should be resumed accordingly in a timely manner.
He pointed out that in the face of the impact of the new wave of epidemic, business transactions and economic activities that had seen slight signs of recovery have also been hit.
For the business community, social responsibility is equally important in addition to the spirit of contracts, especially those groups that have received large government subsidies in the "employment protection plan".
He mentioned that Hong Kong's economic situation is still very grim in the second quarter of this year, but the trend of contraction seems to have slowed down slightly.
In terms of exports, he believes that Hong Kong's external situation is still grim.
Chen Maobo said that Hong Kong's development course over the past few decades shows that every crisis hides new opportunities, and every difficulty hides the key to future development.
The largest earthquake in Taiwan this year occurred in the eastern seas of Taiwan - China News Service.
China News Service, Taipei, July 26 (Xinhua) -- An earthquake of magnitude 6.1 on the Richter scale occurred at 20:52 on the 26th in the eastern seas of Taiwan, with a maximum magnitude of 4, which was felt throughout Taiwan, making it the largest earthquake in Taiwan this year.
Comprehensive reports from Taiwan's Central News Agency, China Times E-Newsletter, ETtoday News Cloud and other Taiwan media reported that the epicenter of the earthquake was located 86.5 kilometers southeast of Yilan County Government, that is, the eastern sea area of Taiwan, with a focal depth of 53 kilometers.
The China Earthquake Network determined that the earthquake had a magnitude of 5.5.
The largest earthquakes in all parts of Taiwan were: Hualien County M4, Yilan County, Taitung County, Nantou County, Yunlin County M3, and other counties and cities measured 1 to 2 magnitudes.
The Taiwan Meteorological Department pointed out that the earthquake was the largest earthquake in Taiwan this year, belonging to the submerged zone type at the junction of plates, and its epicenter has often had earthquakes in the past, and has been relatively active this year.
In the next week, it is still not ruled out that there will be aftershocks of magnitude 4 or more.
Marinichev said the change in value was affected by the devaluation of the ruble and the epidemic, among other things.
He said “the cost of services is increasing.
Because of the epidemic, people are starting to spend more time on the internet.”
Marinichev did not rule out a serious increase in annual internet prices, arguing that operators can offset people’s dissatisfaction with the price increase by offering customers higher speeds and more services.
"Chinese Doctor" prepares to pay tribute to anti-epidemic heroes - Xinhuanet.
Recently, with the tribute of Chinese filmmakers to the anti-epidemic heroes, Bona Film Group Chairman Yu Dong and director Liu Weiqiang (pictured left) held a discussion and exchange with Academician Zhong Nanshan in Guangzhou on the filming and production of the anti-epidemic theme film "Chinese Doctor".
Bona Film hopes to use "Chinese Doctor" to pay tribute to all the medical care and epidemic prevention workers fighting on the frontline of epidemic prevention and control!
In 2021, the film will be released nationwide as a tribute film celebrating the 100th anniversary of the founding of the Communist Party of China.
At present, Bona Film is organizing the original cast of the film "Chinese Captain" under the arrangement and deployment of the Central Propaganda Department and the National Film Bureau, and with the support of the Guangdong Provincial Film Bureau and Hubei Provincial Film Bureau, to prepare the film "Chinese Doctor", which is a film that reflects that under the strong leadership of the Party Central Committee, the people of the whole country are united in the fight against the new crown pneumonia epidemic.
Focusing on the frontline of Wuhan's fight against the epidemic, the film will take Wuhan medical workers and the provincial and municipal aid medical teams as the background, from a human perspective, using unique narratives, and highly impactful lens language, to show the touching stories of Chinese medical workers who are full of dedication and sacrifice on the frontline of the anti-epidemic frontline.
It is understood that on the first day of the unblocking of Wuhan, Bona Company overcame many difficulties and sent a shooting team to go deep into the frontline of the epidemic to communicate face-to-face with hundreds of medical workers to learn about and collect information. Currently, it has interviewed academician Zhong Nanshan himself, the first person in Guangzhou to aid Wuhan, the Guangdong medical team to aid Hubei, and the angels in white at the forefront of the anti-epidemic frontline such as Wuhan Jinyintan Hospital, Wuhan Union Hospital, Wuhan University Zhongnan Hospital, and Wuhan Central Hospital, and took a lot of precious first-hand video materials.
Academician Zhong Nanshan also raised his expectations and hopes for the filming during this symposium: "I am looking forward to it, and I hope that you will not only visit some experts who have shown more heads, but also interview more medical staff who are buried in the frontline, who are the majority."
He said that he has seen "My Motherland and I" "Chinese Captain" before, and thinks it is good to tell the story of the big pattern from the perspective of ordinary people.
"Now some foreign friends still have some misunderstandings about China."
When talking about the spread of the film, Academician Zhong Nanshan said that at present, some people abroad like to label the virus as politicized, and he hopes that the film can impress the audience from the perspective of humanity: "In addition to being screened in China, it is best that this film can also be screened abroad, and it should impress the audience with a real humanistic spirit in a way that audiences at home and abroad can understand."
Academician Zhong Nanshan also fondly recalled the film "People to Middle Age" in the 1980s, "After so many years, the one that impressed me the most about the movie after the reform and opening up is "People to Middle Age", when doctor friends outside our country all watched and cried. If "Chinese Doctor" can play such a role, it will be remarkable."
Academician Zhong Nanshan said that if "Chinese Doctor" can resonate with foreign audiences, it will be very successful.
During the discussion and exchange, Academician Zhong Nanshan also shared his opinions and suggestions on the prevention and control of the current international epidemic, "I believe that people are always smarter than the virus."
Academician Zhong Nanshan said that although the virus is difficult to predict, human beings have survived many hardships from the primitive society to the present day. Nowadays, modern society has developed medical technology and social management measures, coupled with the fact that medical staff and even the common people all over the world have a basic understanding of the scientific response to the new crown pneumonia epidemic, and people will no longer be as passive as before, "The next thing to pay attention to is two aspects of work, one is to study how to strengthen cooperation around the world, and the other is to focus on soothing people's hearts."
(Reporter Wang Jinyue)
Cultural Tourism "Red Fruit" Gathers in Shaoshan — News of the First Red Expo in Xiangtan - Today's Highlights - Hunan Daily Network - Huasheng Online.
Hunan Daily · New Hunan Client Reporter Jiang Rui Correspondent Xiao Yan.
Jiaxing Red Boat Mould, Shaoshan Mao Zedong Bronze Statue, Yan'an Buduihua Crafts, Xiangxi Yongshun Bacon... On July 25, the 2020 Hunan Red Tourism Culture Festival opened in Shaoshan.
As one of the main activities, the first Xiangtan Red Cultural Industry Expo was held at the Shaoshan Global Tourism Consulting Distribution Center.
The exhibition area was full of red cultural and creative products, native products from the old revolutionary areas, etc., attracting tourists from all over to rush to buy.
"This Red Expo is not only a display of the achievements of the national red cultural industry, but also an important platform for exhibitors and enterprises to exchange experiences and explore development paths."
According to the relevant person in charge of the Executive Committee of the First Xiangtan Red Expo, this Red Expo, with the theme of "Promoting Red Culture Boosts Cultural Tourism Warming", has a total exhibition area of nearly 3000 square meters, and sets up an atmosphere creation area, a scenic display exhibition area, and a red cultural tourism online shopping experience area.
Eight foreign provinces and cities such as Zhejiang Jiaxing, Guizhou Zunyi, and Shaanxi Yan'an, as well as 137 enterprises and units from Changsha, Zhuzhou, Yueyang, Chenzhou and other places in our province are invited to participate in the exhibition, with a total of 768 exhibits, including red cultural relics, handicrafts, food specialties, tourist routes, red training courses, red cultural and creative products, and so on.
The exhibition area will be on display until July 29.
As the host of the Xiangtan Red Expo, there are many highlights in the Xiangtan exhibition area.
The person in charge of the exhibition area introduced that the Xiangtan exhibition area is divided into two parts: red industry and red cultural industry development.
The red industrial exhibition area exhibits 31 exhibits from 6 enterprises including Valin Xianggang, Valin Cable, and Xiang Electric Power, and the red cultural industry development area exhibits nearly 200 products from 27 units including red book series, red food series, and red series of cultural and creative products.
In the Yan'an exhibition area, many tourists are attracted by the exhibited cloth pile flower handicrafts and paper-cut artworks.
Ma Dongpo, director of the Yan'an Municipal Bureau of Culture and Tourism, introduced that the exhibitors carefully selected the outstanding red cultural and creative products of Yan'an in the past two years, of which 16 products are the outstanding works of the national red cultural and creative products in 2019.
At the same time, they invited the national intangible cultural heritage protection project "Ansai Paper-cut", "North Shaanxi Folk Song" and the inheritors of the provincial intangible cultural heritage project Yanchuan Budui painting to focus on promoting Yan'an folk special products, and take this opportunity to communicate with other exhibition units and enterprises to promote cross-regional cooperation.
The cumulative number of confirmed cases of the new crown in Japan exceeds 30,000 - Xinhuanet.com.
According to statistics, 239 new confirmed cases were added in Tokyo on the 26th, and more than 200 new cases were added in a single day for 6 consecutive days, bringing the total to 11,214.
In addition, 141 new confirmed cases were added in Osaka Prefecture, 90 in Fukuoka Prefecture, and 80 in Aichi Prefecture.
Telecom network fraud crimes rose by 70% in the first half of the year Supreme People's Procuratorate Summary Features - Chinanews.com.
Chinanews.com, July 26 According to the Supreme People's Procuratorate website, in the first half of this year, procuratorial organs across the country prosecuted a total of 58,101 people for fraud crimes, a year-on-year increase of 35%.
In particular, among the crimes impeding epidemic prevention and control, fraud crimes occurred frequently, and the number of fraud crimes prosecuted by procuratorial organs accounted for 43.4% of the total number of crimes that hindered epidemic prevention and control.
The Supreme People's Procuratorate conducted targeted guidance, and out of the ten batches of typical cases involving epidemic prevention and control that have been released so far, a total of 9 cases involved fraud crimes.
Looking at the case-handling situation of procuratorial organs in the first half of the year, there are many names involving fraud crimes, ranging from national macro-policies to common people's clothing, food and shelter, including epidemic-related fraud, "medical care" fraud, "health care products" fraud, "enrollment intermediary" fraud, "routine loan" fraud, fraudulent state subsidy fraud, national asset thawing fraud, and so on, constantly "introducing new ones", covering education, medical care, employment, pensions, social security, land acquisition and demolition, targeted poverty alleviation, financial credit and other fields, which not only cause economic losses to the victims, but also seriously affect economic and social development.
In particular, some telecom network frauds break through national borders, regions, and personnel restrictions, have characteristics of stakeholders, cross-border, remote, electronic payment, etc., do no specific victim groups, and do great harm.
If any, specially established companies, rent high-end office buildings, set up multiple departments or positions, use legitimate network platforms for publicity and recruitment, conduct training and assessment of recruiters, adopt enterprise operation management models, and wear "legitimate cloaks", which is more confusing.
It is the obligatory responsibility of procuratorial organs to punish and prevent crimes in accordance with the law, and to issue early warnings to the public and relevant departments in a timely manner.
In judicial case handling, procuratorial organs earnestly perform their duties, not only insisting on maintaining a high-pressure posture on fraud crimes, but also refining various law enforcement measures in a targeted manner, and promoting social governance by issuing procuratorial recommendations and other measures.
Procuratorates strictly control the facts, evidence, procedures, and application of laws in approving and prosecuting fraud cases, taking facts as the basis and the law as the criterion, so as not to be in vain.
Especially for telecommunications network fraud crimes, pay attention to the core role of electronic data in fact finding, and strive to build a chain of evidence that confirms each other between electronic data, verbal evidence, and documentary evidence.
For example, the Yinzhou District Procuratorate of Ningbo City, Zhejiang Province, handled an epidemic-related fraud case of Ying, and the procuratorial organs intervened in advance at the first time, and it only took 5 days from the occurrence of the case to the conclusion of the case, reflecting the attitude and determination to handle it quickly and strictly and maintain the stability of the overall social situation.
In the process of reviewing arrests and reviewing prosecutions, attention was paid to the prosecution of the missing offenders of the case, correcting the public security organs for missing 733 people, and correcting the public security organs’ omission to review and prosecute 1113 co-convicts.
In the first half of the year, procuratorial organs across the country issued 298 procuratorial suggestions for fraud crimes, promoting joint efforts to prevent fraud crimes and promote deep-level governance.
For example, in response to the loopholes in the supervision of telecommunications networks, such as communication enterprises, banks, and intermediary organizations found in handling cases, the Guangzhou Procuratorate of Guangdong Province and the Dongguan City Procuratorate put forward procuratorial suggestions in a timely manner, urging relevant units to strengthen supervision, improve mechanisms, and boost the construction of a long-term system.
The fourth is to do a good job in recovering stolen goods and recovering losses.
Local procuratorial organs seized the important links of intervening in the investigation, guiding evidence collection, and reviewing prosecutions, urging investigative organs to actively recover stolen money, cooperate with relevant departments to do a good job in recovering stolen goods, and strive to minimize the economic losses caused by fraud crimes to the people.
For example, the Lin Mou routine loan case handled by the Beijing Procuratorate, which involved 22 properties waiting to be sealed up, was the first to issue a “Letter of Suspension of Enforcement” when the property may be disposed of first by other cases, and serve it to the relevant courts in a timely manner, suggesting that the previous seizure court suspend the execution of the property involved, and to dispose of them uniformly after the facts of the crime are ascertained, and make the greatest efforts to recover the property involved and recover the losses of the victims.
The prosecutor reminded everyone to be very vigilant about fraud crimes, not to expect “pie from the sky,” nor to be credulous for being cheap, and to keep your “money bag”.
Yinna Town, Weining County, Guizhou Province: Dwarfed Apple Trees Widen the Road to Poverty Alleviation - Chinanews.com.
2020-07-26 11:42:58 Source: China Economic Net Author: Zhu Yanjing Responsible Editor: Zhu Yanjing.
The scorching heat, Economic Daily-China Economic Net reporter walked into Zhonghai Village, Yinna Town, Weining County, Guizhou Province.
Against the scorching sun, villager Li Yuanzhong weeded grass in the base, although his face was flushed from the sun, he hummed a few ditty from time to time in his mouth.
Weining County, where Yinna Town is located, has a certain popularity in the surrounding areas because of its low latitude, high altitude, sufficient light, large temperature difference between day and night, and the apples produced with high sugar content and good taste, but also because of its small size and many spots, it has not been able to sell for a good price and failed to form an industrial scale.
Yinna Town was once a poor township that "baogu potatoes for spring and autumn", and the local poverty incidence rate was as high as 25.8% 10 years ago.
In the critical period when poverty alleviation has entered a decisive battle, it is imminent to change traditional planting habits, adjust the industrial structure, and increase farmers' income.
After many visits, Chen Chao, Secretary of the Party Committee of Yinna Town, and a group of people from Yinna Town believe that industrial development can no longer take the old road.
To this end, Yinna Town has introduced leading enterprises to plant apples in a modern way.
Hou Wenjian, deputy general manager of Weining Beyond Agriculture Co., Ltd., came to Yinna Town from Shaanxi to investigate in 2015, and saw the local planting conditions at a glance, and from 2016 began to plant apple trees locally.
At first, the village mobilized Li Yuanzhong to turn the land flow out to plant apple trees, and Li Yuanzhong and his wife guilty muttered in their hearts: "I have planted apples for so many years, and I haven't seen anyone in the village who has made a fortune from planting apples."
"The apples planted are all dwarf apples, and the apple trees will not grow too high."
What Li Yuanzhong didn't expect was that this time, a new method was adopted for apple planting, irrigation pipes were laid under each apple tree, water and fertilizer were watered to the root trees, and when the fruit was harvested in autumn, the tractor drove directly into the orchard, and the fruit could be picked while standing.
At present, the apple base has gradually entered a high-yield period, and the market is just as Hou Jianwen envisioned, apples are not worried about selling, and are deeply loved by consumers in cities such as Beijing, Shanghai, and Guangzhou.
The growing apple industry has brought new changes to Li Yuanzhong’s life, and although he is still farming, he has a new source of income.
Li Yuanzhong’s family has more than 9 acres of land that has been transferred to the apple base, and in addition to the guaranteed land transfer fee every year, there is a profit dividend after hanging the fruit. The husband and wife usually work in the base, “one person can get 80 yuan a day, and there is work to do all year round.”
Li Yuanzhong told reporters that last year’s profit dividend was more than 2,800 yuan, plus the land transfer fee and the couple’s income from working, the family’s income was more than 80,000 yuan, “there is no worries about food and clothing, and a well-off life is over.”
“At present, initial results have been achieved, and the annual output value of 1 acre of apples exceeds 15,000 yuan, which is about 10 times that of planting corn.”
Chen Chao told reporters that 20,000 acres of apples are currently planted in the town of Yina, and there are 6,000 acres in Zhonghai Village alone, covering 4,056 households and 17,200 farmers, of which 656, 2952 people are covered by registered poor households with registered cards, and the annual wages are more than 6 million yuan, which truly realizes that the base is built at the doorstep of the home and does not have to go out to work.
Li Yuanzhong, whose pockets are bulging day by day, also began to realize his “wish”.
This year’s Spring Festival, Li Yuanzhong bought an off-road vehicle, and today he drives a car to commute to work, “There are still more than ten acres of land at home, and the next step is to expand the scale of the apple base, and all of it is circulated to them, and the income is even more.”
Economic Daily-China Economic Net reporter Wu Bingze Jin Niu Xinwei Wang
Membrane Separation Technology Helps Crack the "Greenhouse Effect" - Chinanews.com.
Membrane Separation Technology Helps Crack the "Greenhouse Effect" - China News Service |
Membrane Separation Technology Helps Crack the "Greenhouse Effect" |
Schematic diagram of a new mixed matrix membrane preparation technology.
Our reporter Shang Rui reported: A few days ago, the Tianjin University Atmospheric Environment and Bioenergy team made significant progress in the "membrane separation method to capture carbon dioxide", and successfully developed a new mixed matrix membrane preparation technology, which greatly improved the carbon dioxide capture performance of the membrane material.
The relevant results have been published as the cover article of the international journal Greenhouse Gas: Science and Technology.
The "greenhouse effect" is a major environmental problem that plagues human development, and carbon dioxide emissions are the culprit of the "greenhouse effect".
How to efficiently capture and use the carbon dioxide emitted by humans is the focus of scientists' attention.
"Membrane separation method" is an emerging carbon dioxide capture technology, which separates carbon dioxide gas with the help of membrane materials, and has the characteristics of high efficiency, energy saving, and simple operation.
How to make the membrane material "deep breath" and improve the gas separation efficiency is the bottleneck and difficulty of using membrane separation method to capture carbon dioxide.
The scientific research team of Tianjin University has innovated ideas and explored the effects of different solvents on the membrane gas separation performance through repeated experiments.
The experimental results show that with N-methylpyrrolidone as the preparation solvent, the carbon nanotubes in the resulting membrane material are more uniformly distributed and "breathable", effectively improving the gas separation efficiency and rate of the membrane material.
The carbon dioxide separation performance of the mixed matrix membrane prepared with this new technology is close to the theoretical upper limit of the current membrane separation of such materials.
"The new technology provides a new idea for the membrane separation method to capture carbon dioxide." "We hope that this technology can provide strong support for the treatment of flue gas by coal-fired power plants and chemical enterprises in the future, and play a major role in controlling greenhouse gas emissions and other fields," said Li Run, a member of the Atmospheric Environment and Bioenergy team of Tianjin University.
Before volunteering to fill in, first understand what is professional grade difference - Chinanews.com.
2020-07-27 02:22:36 Source: Chongqing Morning News Author: Yu Xiao Responsible Editor: Yu Xiao.
Before volunteering to fill in, first understand what is professional grade difference.
Every year when filling in the college entrance examination volunteers, there are students or parents because they do not understand the terms involved in the voluntary filling report, which in turn affects the voluntary filling report.
This year, Beijing Jiaotong University, Beijing University of Science and Technology, Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications, Beijing Forestry University, and Beijing University of Chemical Technology jointly released the 2020 admissions policy to cancel the professional grade difference.
What does the professional grade difference mean, and what is the significance in voluntary filling in?
There are three ways of specialty assignment rules.
Experts remind that before filling in the volunteers, you must read the Admissions Regulations of your favorite school in detail to understand the admission rules of colleges and universities, including the transfer ratio, specialty assignment rules, and so on.
The specialty assignment rules, refers to that after colleges and universities adjust their files, there are mainly three ways for professional admissions: major priority, score priority, and specialty grade difference.
Which method is used by colleges and universities will be clarified in the Admissions Regulations.
But there are also some colleges and universities whose admission principle is total score priority, and there is no difference between majors.
That is to say, the candidates within the admission range are queued according to the total score, and when the scores do not reach the first major voluntary admission score line, it will be seen whether they have reached the second major voluntary admission score line, and so on until the last major volunteer is admitted, and there is no grade difference between the majors.
The so-called "professional grade difference" is that when colleges and universities arrange the majors of the candidates, they determine the admission majors of volunteer candidates for different majors according to one or several score values published in the admissions charter, and this numerical value is the "professional grade difference."
That is, the difference between the scores of the first major volunteer and the non-first major volunteer scores when colleges and universities admit the candidates, and the number of voluntary grade differences between majors, such as 3 points, 2 points, 1 points, and so on.
For example.
Assume that a small student enrolls in the A college entrance examination and scores 560 points, and its volunteer majors are: computer, international trade, automation, mechanical engineering, and e-commerce. The A colleges and universities adopt the method of professional grade difference, and the difference is 2 points, 1, 1 points, and 0 points.
In the assignment of majors, if Xiao Ming’s first major volunteer meets the professional admission requirements and the major has a planned balance, then Xiao Ming is admitted to the “Computer” major; if the computer is not admitted, his score will be subtracted by 2 points, and the scores of 558 points are sorted with the candidates who apply for the first major volunteer for “International Trade” to determine whether they meet the professional admission requirements; if they still cannot be met, the score will be deducted by 1 point (i.e. 557 points) for the third major voluntary “automation” admission; if it still cannot be met, the score will be subtracted by 1 point (i.e. 556 points) for the fourth major’s voluntary admission, and if the follow-up majors still fail to meet their professional grade differences, they will no longer be deducted points, and so on.
Different universities have different professional grade differences.
With the popularity of parallel volunteering, many colleges and universities have now abolished the professional grade gap, but some colleges and universities still retain this method this year. From the “Admissions Regulations” announced by various schools, this year, there are mainly more than 20 universities that have set the professional grade gap.
For example, Sichuan Agricultural University, Shandong University of Science and Technology, Heilongjiang University of Traditional Chinese Medicine, Jiangsu University of Science and Technology, Jiangxi Normal University, Chengdu Medical College, Northeast Electric Power University, Jimei University, Nanjing Medical University, Nanjing University of Technology, Ningxia University, Shandong University of Technology, China Civil Aviation College and so on.
In these colleges and universities, the professional grade gap set by each university is different.
Some colleges and universities have set a professional grade gap for each major, such as Ningxia University, for candidates whose files have been submitted to the school, they are admitted according to the order in which the candidates fill in the major volunteers and then order by score.
While some universities have set different professional grade differences between different majors.
For example, Jimei University, the total score of the professional volunteer grade difference is 4 points, that is, the first major volunteer is 3 points different from the other major volunteers, and there is no inter-professional volunteer grade difference, which is regarded as a parallel volunteer, and the professional grade difference between the other major volunteers and the transfer professional volunteer is 1 point.
When filling in the volunteers, candidates and their parents must carefully read the admission policy of the school they are applying for, to see if there is any major grade difference, and what is the form of the grade difference. While fully considering the scores, it is also necessary to reasonably analyze the school and major to be selected. If the college clearly adopts the grade difference method for admission in the admissions regulations, candidates should pay attention to the gradient between the majors when choosing a major to improve the probability of admission.
Lin Qi, Chongqing Morning News · Upstream News Reporter
The first Atlantic hurricane of this year made landfall in Texas, which was hit hard by the outbreak.
The National Hurricane Center announced that morning that Hurricane Hanna reached 145 kilometers per hour and is expected to bring heavy rainfall to southern Texas and northeastern Mexico until next Monday, which in turn will trigger rapid flooding.
At present, with the gradual advancement to land, the customs have weakened somewhat, and although there are local power outages, no casualty statistics have been reported for the time being.
Some local officials in Texas are preparing to deal with tornadoes that are likely to appear in the coastal zone.
President Trump said through Twitter that the office is closely monitoring the dynamics of Hurricane Hannah, and Hurricane Douglas in Hawaii, and called on the public to listen to the emergency management information of local governments and protect families and properties.
At the same time, the new crown epidemic in Texas is also rapidly worsening, and the number of infections continues to soar, with more than 390,000 confirmed infections and more than 5,000 deaths.
This hurricane hits, and the government will face the double problem of housing the homeless while preventing the outbreak from worsening again.
First-time establishment of special committee, collective signing of "long-term contract" The 3rd Import Expo Exhibitor Alliance Builds "Import Bond" - Xinhua.com.
The scene of the first meeting of the 3rd Import Expo Exhibitor Alliance filmed in Shanghai on July 26th.
Xinhua News Agency, Shanghai, July 26 (Reporter Zhou Rui) On the 26th, the 3rd Import Expo Exhibitor Alliance established a professional committee for the first time here, and the first batch of established special committees included the Public Health Epidemic Prevention Special Committee and the Dairy Industry Special Committee, and 35 member enterprises also signed a 3-year long-term exhibition cooperation memorandum, and the linking role of the Import Expo Exhibitor Alliance has been continuously strengthened.
At the first meeting of the 3rd Import Expo Exhibitor Alliance held here on the 26th, a group of exhibition alliance member enterprises, including Hyundai of Korea, Dow Chemical of the United States, Shiseido of Japan, New Zealand New Zealand, Siemens of Germany, Michelin of France, and AstraZeneca of the UK, signed a 3-year long-term cooperation memorandum of cooperation for exhibitors, and the revised and improved articles of association of the exhibition alliance were also announced for the first time.
The scene of the establishment ceremony of the Dairy Professional Committee filmed in Shanghai on July 26th.
According to the latest charter, the exhibition alliance will introduce a rotation mechanism of the lead unit to strengthen the function of the special committee.
The special committee will make recommendations for industry development trend analysis and promote the sustainable development of the industry.
At the same time, the industry will integrate the entire industrial chain resource to drive large and small and affiliated enterprises to participate in the exhibition, and build the CIIE into a highland for industry enterprises to gather.
The establishment of a special committee for public health and epidemic prevention for the first time is even more important for the current fight against the new crown pneumonia epidemic.
As the vice chairman unit of the public health epidemic prevention special committee of the 3rd CIIE, Qiu Jianping, general manager of Greater China of Abbott Rapid Diagnostics Business, said that next, Abbott will join hands with more industry partners to explore new solutions and cooperation models to help China and the world fight the new crown pneumonia epidemic.
The scene of the establishment ceremony of the public health and epidemic prevention professional committee filmed in Shanghai on July 26th.
It is reported that the third CIIE has set up a special public health and epidemic prevention area for the first time, and as of now, nearly 50 global enterprises have signed up to participate in the exhibition, with an exhibition area of more than 10,000 square meters.
During the first CIIE in 2018, the Alliance of Exhibitors of the International Import Expo was established by exhibitors spontaneously, aiming to become a platform for exchanges and cooperation of high-quality exhibitors, a platform for information and resource sharing of all exhibitors, and a think tank platform for promoting economic and trade exchanges and development between China and countries (regions) in the world.
As of now, 142 enterprises have joined the Alliance of Exhibitors, covering 23 countries and regions around the world.
3-year-old girl in Belgium dies of new coronavirus infection - Xinhuanet.com.
Belgian health authorities said on the 24th that a 3-year-old girl who died of new coronavirus infection was the youngest person to die from the new crown virus in the country.
Belgian health department spokesman Budwin Kateri said that the girl had other serious illnesses before contracting the new coronavirus; in addition to the girl, an 18-year-old youth recently died of new coronavirus infection.
Kateri said that 85% of newly confirmed new coronavirus patients in Belgium last week were under 60 years old.
He reminded the healthy and younger people not to take it lightly.
"While it is rare for young people to die from new coronavirus infection, no one is immune now."
Last week, Belgium's newly confirmed new crown cases increased by 89% from the previous week, and the daily average of 2.9 people died from new crown virus infection, higher than the daily average of 1.7 the previous week.
During the peak of the epidemic in Europe, the proportion of new coronavirus infections in the Belgian population was "highest" in Europe.
Belgium has a population of more than 11 million.
The latest data shows that a total of 64,847 people in Belgium have been infected with the new coronavirus.
Earlier this week, Kateri warned that people must take action before the snowball gets bigger and bigger, eventually causing an "avalanche".
To curb the rebound of the epidemic, Belgian Prime Minister Sophie Mayville announced on the 23rd that the relevant regulations for people to wear masks in public places will be stricter, and the program of further lifting of restrictive measures in August will also be suspended.
(Guo Qian) [Xinhua News Agency Weibo]
1 new case of asymptomatic infected person imported from abroad in Jiangsu - China News Service |
Chinanews.com, July 26 (Xinhua) -- According to the official Weibo news of the Jiangsu Provincial Health and Health Commission, from 0-24 o'clock on July 25, there were no new confirmed cases in Jiangsu.
As of 24:00 on July 25, a total of 655 confirmed cases had been reported in the province (including 24 imported from abroad), and all but one confirmed case imported from abroad were isolated and treated in designated hospitals, and the rest had been discharged.
One new case of asymptomatic infected person imported from abroad was added on the same day.
As of 24:00 on July 25, 4 cases of asymptomatic infected persons who were under centralized isolation and medical management were imported from abroad.
At present, 14,084 close contacts of confirmed cases and asymptomatic infected persons have been traced across the province, 13,943 people have been released from medical observation, and 141 people are still under medical observation.
[Editor: Chen Haifeng]
HONG KONG, July 25 (Xinhua) -- All APEC member economies should act in unison to jointly fight the epidemic and promote economic recovery, and should avoid the establishment of unnecessary trade barriers in accordance with the rights and obligations stipulated by the World Trade Organization, said Secretary for Commerce and Economic Development of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region Government, Mr Yau Teng-hua on the 25th.
Yau Teng-hua made the remarks while participating in a video conference of trade ministers to fight the new crown pneumonia epidemic convened by the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation (APEC) on the 25th.
During the meeting, the participating ministers exchanged views on APEC's response to the impact of the new crown pneumonia epidemic, as well as the substantive programs that can be taken to promote economic recovery within the region.
Yau Teng-hua said that the public health and economic crisis triggered by the epidemic has had unprecedented and far-reaching impacts on society and the economy.
“We are in a double battle, and we must first defeat the epidemic before we can restore the economy.
We must have clear goals, the virus is our common enemy, and cooperation can lead to victory, and otherwise, we will only fail.”
Yau Teng-hua said that the series of trade restrictions triggered by the new crown pneumonia epidemic will not help control the epidemic.
Trade is the key recipe for solving the current problem and should not be seen as the problem.
He condemned all discriminatory and divisive policy measures, and urged all economies to keep their borders open, maintain the smooth operation of supply chains, and avoid establishing trade barriers or adopting irrational trade policies at this critical moment.
414,000 new crown cases confirmed in Florida become the second-worst state in the U.S. epidemic-China News Network, July 26 (Xinhua) -- Chinanews.com, July 26 (Xinhua) -- As of about 8:34 Beijing time on the 26th, the United States' Johns Hopkins University website showed that as of about 8:34 Beijing time on the 26th, Florida had reported more than 414,000 new crown confirmed cases, surpassing New York's 411,000, becoming the second-largest "epidemic area" in the United States after California.
The Florida Department of Health reported on the 25th that Florida reported 124 deaths on the 24th.
This is the tenth time that Florida's daily death toll has exceeded 100 since the start of the new crown pandemic.
It is reported that the total number of cases in Miami-Dade County, the worst-hit county in Florida, has exceeded 100,000.
There are currently 8,974 new crown hospitalizations in Florida, of which 1,874 are in Miami-Dade.
Since July 4, the number of new crown hospitalizations in the state has increased by 79%.
Since the first state in the United States reopened on April 24, 91,000 lives have been taken by the new crown.
According to data provided by Johns Hopkins University, the total number of confirmed cases reported in the United States has reached 4.176 million, with at least 146,000 deaths, according to the data provided by Johns Hopkins University in the U.S., and the number of confirmed cases in the United States has reached 4.176 million, according to data provided by Johns Hopkins University in the U.S., and the number of confirmed cases in the United States has reached 4.176 million, with at least 146,000 deaths reported in the United States, according to the data provided by Johns Hopkins University.
According to the comprehensive report, the Johns Hopkins University website shows that as of about 8:34 on the 26th Beijing time, Florida in the United States reported more than 414,000 new crown confirmed cases, surpassing New York's 411,000, becoming the second largest "epidemic area" in the United States.
Chengdu people gathered to watch the US consulate The police stopped people from "looking too happy".
As a response to the US closing the Chinese consulate general in Houston, China announced the closure of the US consulate general in Chengdu this Friday.
On Saturday, the badge of the US consulate was removed, and on Sunday, a dark glass car drove away from the consulate amid the boos of passers-by.
On Sunday, many Chengdu people gathered to take pictures in front of the US consulate, and those who had not come also came to have a look due to curiosity about current events.
The AFP Chengdu station reporter also went to observe the vicinity of the Chengdu US consulate, and came back with news that there were endless streams of curious people, and many parents came with their children to take a walk to watch the consulate, take pictures of the building, or take selfies.
The consulate was surrounded by guards, and the police "correct" people's behavior from time to time, and they did not seem to allow any out-of-the-ordinary behavior: a woman was called to a halt when she was just starting to prepare to sing a red song, and a guard confiscated a banner.
But residents of a nearby residential building, successfully pulled up a giant Chinese flag on their balcony and shouted slogans in support of China.
The Chengdu US consulate was opened in 1985, covering all consular-related matters of the United States in southwest China, especially the Tibet Autonomous Region.
The AFP Chengdu station reporter said that the Chinese government's response to the US was relatively restrained: many Chinese people online asked the government to close the US consulate in Hong Kong, but the official just said that "the closure of the Chengdu US consulate is a necessary and legal response to the unreasonable and legal actions of the US".
At present, in addition to Chengdu, the US has Guangdong, Shanghai, Shenyang, Wuhan, and Hong Kong consulates in China.
The large-scale financial media action "Walking the Village Live to Watch Poverty Alleviation" departs - Today's Highlights - Hunan Daily Network - Huasheng Online.
Hunan Daily · New Hunan Client July 25th (Reporter from this newspaper) On July 25, the large-scale financial media action "Going the Village Live to Watch Poverty Alleviation" hosted by the Financial Program Center of the Central Radio and Television General Station set off from Xuzhou, Jiangsu Province, and two caravans carrying the 5G new media mobile cloud production and broadcasting system slowly drove to the scene, watched by on-site guests.
General Secretary Xi Jinping pointed out that "2020 is a milestone year, we will build a moderately prosperous society in all respects, achieve the first centennial goal, and 2020 is also the year of a decisive victory in poverty alleviation."
The large-scale financial media action "Going the Village Live to Watch Poverty Alleviation" is an important measure by the Central Radio and Television General Station's Financial Program Center to cooperate with this major theme and do a good job in poverty alleviation propaganda.
The action will go into poverty alleviation villages in more than 20 provinces, autonomous regions and municipalities directly under the Central Government, unearth fresh stories of poverty alleviation, directly attack the dramatic changes in the appearance of villages and show how villagers break through the predicament of survival and development and go on the road to becoming rich.
This operation will last for more than 3 months.
The reporter starts from Xuzhou, divides soldiers into two routes, one walks the southwest line, passing through Anhui, Hubei, Jiangxi, Hunan, Guangxi, Guizhou, Sichuan, Chongqing, Yunnan, Tibet and other places; the other takes the northwest line, passing through Henan, Shaanxi, Gansu, Qinghai, Xinjiang, Ningxia, Inner Mongolia, Shanxi, Hebei and other places, with a journey of more than 10,000 kilometers.
In terms of reporting form, "Going the Village Live to Watch Poverty Alleviation" boldly integrates.
The economic development of the villages to which the caravans go will all be broadcast through the CCTV Financial Channel, CCTV Economic Voice, China Communications Radio, and CCTV New Media Media.
Among them, the live TV will be mainly completed on the noontime news program "Tianxia Finance" of the CCTV Finance Channel (first broadcast time: Monday to Sunday 12:00-13:00 ), and the golden news column "Economic Information Network" of the CCTV Finance Channel will open a column for poverty alleviation reporting (first broadcast time: Monday to Sunday 20:30-21:30 ).
At the same time, the caravan will conduct a live broadcast of up to 1 hour on the CCTV Finance client for each village it visits, and the audience can watch the live broadcast and participate in the lottery by downloading the CCTV Finance APP.
In terms of technology application and studio design, "Walking the Village Live to Watch Poverty Alleviation" bravely made a breakthrough and pioneered the "outfield new media caravan".
The car is equipped with a 5G new media mobile cloud production and broadcasting system, and uses 5G+4K/8K+AI technology to realize the organic combination of online and offline, large screens and small screens, and TV broadcasts.
The three-communication studio is configured, which is converted from a container, 12 meters long, 2.55 meters wide, and 3.98 meters high, and the box body adopts a hydraulic automatic unfolding structure, which can be turned up to 120 degrees at most.
The studio area can also be automatically expanded, and is connected to an external expansion platform with an area of more than 50 square meters, which can meet the scene requirements of most programs.
It is already a hot summer day in Dongchuan District of Kunming City at the moment, and what is hotter than the weather is the poverty alleviation workshop next to the relocation and resettlement site.
Lv Ling, an employee of Kunming Asif Electronic Technology Company, said, “Now, as soon as you leave the house, you enter the factory door, make money and care for your family, thanks to the free vocational skills training organized by the trade union.”
Walking into the poverty alleviation workshop of electronic components processing in Tongdu Street, Dongchuan District, a bustling scene came into view.
Lv Ling, who is in her 40s, is a single mother who takes care of her children by herself and also takes care of her elderly parents.
At her most difficult time, the Dongchuan District Federation of Trade Unions helped come up with ideas, “delivering charcoal in the snow” after running busy before running.
Since 2018, Lv Ling has enjoyed housing, schooling, social security, employment and other assistance policies and the assistance funds issued by labor unions at all levels.
This year, her children have successfully graduated and employed, and she herself has a job and income after participating in skills training, and has been lifted out of poverty at the end of April.
It is reported that the special skills training project of the Dongchuan District Federation to assist in poverty alleviation is part of the skill training work of the Yunnan Federation of Trade Unions.
Combining the characteristics of the difficult workers at the relocation site for poverty alleviation in the district, the district president conducted an in-depth investigation of the training needs, determined the types of training, and plans to train electricians, welders, facers, etc. for a total of 450 people in the near future.
Recently, Li Yi, an employee of the Yunnan Lianxian Branch of the Agricultural Bank of China, wrote a sincere letter of thanks to the Federation of Trade Unions in Yunnan.
In the letter, she sincerely thanked the Jinqiu student grants given to her by the trade union from August 2013 to January 2017 to help her complete her studies.
In 2004, Li Yi’s father died in a car accident, and her mother was included in the file of difficult employees, and since then, she has been enjoying the care of the file card policy.
With the help of the local labor union, Li Yi successfully completed her studies.
Since 2016, 3809 households have been lifted out of poverty through institutional guarantees and precise assistance.
The successful relief of the Lv Ling family and Li Yi is a microcosm of the Yunnan labor union’s efforts to promote the relief of difficult workers.
According to Duan Kaiyuan, a staff member of the Legal and Rights Protection Work Department of the Yunnan Provincial Federation of Trade Unions, the Provincial Federation strengthened the dynamic management of the files of employees in difficulty, promoted the normalization of file-building work, and included the employees in difficulty who meet the requirements for file-building into the assistance system in a timely manner; broadened the application channels for employees in difficulty, and used WeChat to open an online application-file-building service platform for employees in difficulty, so that employees in difficulty can make timely and active declarations.
During the epidemic, it is difficult to go out to work, and to help employees with difficulties on file relieve their living pressure, Yunnan Province has arranged a total of more than 13 million yuan to send warm funds. In accordance with the national-level standards of 2,000 yuan per household for difficult-to-file employees and 1,500 yuan per household for provincial-level employees with difficulties in archives, special warmth-sending condolences have been carried out for more than 6,000 national-level and more than 1,000 provincial-level employees with difficulties on file.
At the same time, the provincial headquarters docks with various Internet recruitment platforms such as the Human Resources and Social Security Department and Zhilian Recruitment, pushes recruitment information to difficult employees, and provides employment consultation, employment guidance and other services.
